The multinational launched the exchange offer in July in a bid to take its hands off the Kenvue reins, Johnson & Johnson (J&J) is retaining a stake of around 9.5% in its consumer health unit Kenvue, after completing an oversubscribed share exchange offer.
, The healthcare giant launched the exchange offer in July in a bid to take its hands off the Kenvue reins.
, Under the exchange offer, J&J shareholders could exchange all, some or none of their common stock for Kenvue shares, tax-free.
, According to J&J’s preliminary results, when the exchange offer expired 18 August, shareholders had validly tendered 802.7 million shares of J&J common stock.
, With the offer oversubscribed, the company is accepting only a portion of the tendered shares on a pro rata basis, not applicable to those with fewer than 100 shares.
, J&J estimates that about 23.8% of the tendered shares of its common stock will be exchanged.
, The US multinational first unveiled Kenvue in September 2022, following the announcement that it intended to separate its consumer health division into a new publicly listed company the year before.
, In May, Kenvue was valued at around US$41bn in an IPO – the largest IPO in any industry since 2021 – after which J&J still owned 90% of the company.
, When the exchange offer for the separation of Kenvue was announced on 24 July, J&J said the move would allow it to focus on its core businesses.
, “The separation of Kenvue further sharpens Johnson & Johnson’s focus on transformational innovation specifically in pharmaceutical and med-tech,” said J&J’s Chairman and CEO, Joaquin Duato, at the time.
, “We believe now is the right time to distribute our Kenvue shares and we are confident that a split-off is the appropriate path forward to bring value to our shareholders.”, Kenvue’s product portfolio includes the Aveeno, Neutrogena, Johnson’s and Dr.Ci:Labo brands.
 Through digital, live and print products, Cosmetics Business informs and inspires business leaders and decision-makers around the world.
With a digital-first strategy, the Group’s Editors write breaking news, product releases, technical papers, innovation features, trend reports and live content agendas covering the entire industry from ingredients and packaging to regulation, retail and marketing.Kenvue has a market cap or net worth of $32.24 billion.
The enterprise value is $40.21 billion.
 The next estimated earnings date is Thursday, February 5, 2026, before market open.
 Kenvue has 1.92 billion shares outstanding.
The number of shares has increased by 0.29% in one year.
 The trailing PE ratio is 22.51 and the forward PE ratio is 15.60.
Kenvues PEG ratio is 4.24.
 The stocks EV/EBITDA ratio is 11.36, with an EV/FCF ratio of 24.63.
 The company has a current ratio of 0.98, with a Debt / Equity ratio of 0.86.
 Return on equity (ROE) is 13.47% and return on invested capital (ROIC) is 9.47%.
 In the past 12 months, Kenvue has paid $485.00 million in taxes.
 The stock price has decreased by -20.24% in the last 52 weeks.
The beta is 0.55, so Kenvues price volatility has been lower than the market average.
 The latest short interest is 68.42 million, so 3.57% of the outstanding shares have been sold short.
 In the last 12 months, Kenvue had revenue of $15.01 billion and earned $1.43 billion in profits.
Earnings per share was $0.75.
 The company has $1.14 billion in cash and $9.11 billion in debt, with a net cash position of -$7.97 billion or -$4.16 per share.
 In the last 12 months, operating cash flow was $2.14 billion and capital expenditures -$503.00 million, giving a free cash flow of $1.63 billion.
 Gross margin is 58.33%, with operating and profit margins of 19.81% and 9.55%.
 This stock pays an annual dividend of $0.83, which amounts to a dividend yield of 4.93%.
 The average price target for Kenvue is $20.00, which is 18.84% higher than the current price.
The consensus rating is Buy.
 There are several formulas that can be used to estimate the intrinsic value of a stock.
 This stock does not have any record of stock splits.
 Kenvue has an Altman Z-Score of 2.42 and a Piotroski F-Score of 5.
A Z-score under 3 suggests an increased risk of bankruptcy.
 Daily market news in bullet point format.
 © 2026 StockAnalysis.com.
All rights reserved.Kenvue Inc.
operates as a consumer health company in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia-Pacific, and Latin America.
It operates through three segments: Self Care, Skin Health and Beauty, and Essential Health.
The Self Care segment offers cough, cold and allergy, pain care, digestive health, smoking cessation, eye care, and other products under the Tylenol, Motrin, Benadryl, Nicorette, Zarbee’s, ORSLTM, Rhinocort, Calpol, and Zyrtec brands.
The Skin Health and Beauty segment provides face and body care, hair, sun, and other...
[Read more], In 2024, Kenvues revenue was $15.46 billion, an increase of 0.07% compared to the previous years $15.44 billion.
Earnings were $1.03 billion, a decrease of -38.10%.
 According to 12 analysts, the average rating for KVUE stock is Buy.
The 12-month stock price target is $20.0, which is an increase of 18.84% from the latest price.
 The ProShares S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrat ETF (NOBL) underperformed SPY in 2025, gaining 7.2% versus SPYs 18.42%.
Despite average underperformance, select Aristocrats like CAH (+74.18%), ALB (+66.90%...
 Dividend Kings underperformed SPY in 2025, up 4.47% vs.
SPYs 17.7%, but select Kings outperformed the index.
Twenty-two Dividend Kings are identified as both potentially undervalued and offering long...
 Dividend Kings remain largely overvalued, but six—including MO, UVV, HRL, KVUE, CDUAF, and UBSI—are now fairly priced with yields (from $1k invested) exceeding share prices.
Analyst forecasts project ...
 The US Equity Income Fund underperformed its benchmark, the Russell 1000 Value Index, net of fees during the third quarter.
Enterprise software company, Oracle Corporation, was a top contributor to re...
 S&P 500 high-yield safer dividend stocks offer attractive upside, with twelve currently meeting the dogcatcher ideal of dividends exceeding share prices.
Analyst targets forecast 21.14% to 44.05% ne...
 Kenvue Inc.
(KVUE), a maker of consumer health products including pain reliever Tylenol, was a notable detractor.
Information technology services provider Fidelity National Information Services Inc.
(...
 Kimberly-Clark is acquiring Kenvue in a $48.7 billion cash-and-stock deal.
I believe the deal is likely to close, and that Kenvue stock gives folks a decent way to buy Kimberly-Clark at a discount.
Th...
 Shares of Teradyne advanced sharply as investors cheered the companys robust earnings and outlook for Teradynes artificial intelligence compute testing business.
We initiated a position in this cust...
 The ProShares S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats ETF (NOBL) has underperformed the SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY) year-to-date, but November shows a reversal.
Several Dividend Aristocrats, including CAH, CAT, CHRW,...
 Shares of Teradyne advanced sharply as investors cheered the companys robust earnings and outlook for Teradynes artificial intelligence compute testing business.
Shares of Henry Schein declined as p...
 A U.S.
appeals court is expected to hear arguments on Monday from families seeking to revive their lawsuits over Tylenol, after the Trump administration publicly promoted their claims that the popular...
 A Texas state judge wont block Kenvue from paying its scheduled November 26 shareholder dividend, rejecting a request by Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, a Kenvue lawyer told Reuters on Friday.
 A Texas judge on Friday will consider state Attorney General Ken Paxtons bid to block Kenvue from paying a $398 million dividend to shareholders and from marketing Tylenol as safe for pregnant women.
 Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton on Thursday asked a state judge to block Kenvue from paying a nearly $400 million shareholder dividend this month, after suing the drugmaker for allegedly concealing ...
 Fiserv (FI) leads decliners with a 49% drop, driven by leadership turmoil, weak consumer spending, and a downgraded quant rating to Strong Sell.
Alexandria Real Estate (ARE) and Robert Half (RHI) su...
 Consumer staples ETFs, usually the quiet corner of the market, are suddenly in the spotlight.
The $48.7 billion acquisition of Kenvue Inc.
(NYSE:KVUE) by Kimberly-Clark Corp (NASDAQ:KMB) has stirred r...
 Mike Hsu aims to stoke the consumer companys growth by veering into Kenvues higher-margin but risky health products.
 NEW YORK CITY & NEW ORLEANS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Former Attorney General of Louisiana Charles C.
Foti, Jr.
 Esq.
and the law firm of Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC (“KSF”) are investigating the proposed sale of ...
 Kimberly-Clark CEO Mike Hsu told CNBCs Jim Cramer that his companys acquisition of Tylenol maker Kenvue will create value for shareholders, even as the the pain reliever is scrutinized by the Trump ...
 Kimberly-Clark said on Monday it plans to acquire Band-Aid maker Kenvue , even as the latter company faces thousands of lawsuits involving its painkiller Tylenol and talc-based baby powder, raising qu...
 A linkup with an artificial intelligence player helped power shares of a top cloud-computing services company higher Monday, while an acquisition in the consumer goods space sent the two stocks on div...
 NEW YORK , Nov.
3, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Rowley Law PLLC is investigating potential securities law violations by Kenvue Inc.
(NYSE: KVUE) and its board of directors concerning the proposed acquisition ...
 Kimberly-Clarks nearly $50 billion offer for Tylenol maker Kenvue is a risky bet that the worlds biggest consumer market, the United States, will keep growing even as lower-income shoppers trim thei...
 Its been a tough few weeks for the consumer health company Kenvue, after President Trump publicly spread unproven claims about Tylenol, one of its core subsidiary brands.
Today, though, it seems like...
 There is no firm evidence of a link between the use of the drug and autism.
 Daily market news in bullet point format.
 © 2026 StockAnalysis.com.
All rights reserved.Johnson & Johnsons (JNJ  -0.66%) consumer-healthcare business carve-out, Kenvue Inc (KVUE  -0.94%), priced its upsized initial public offering of 172.8 million shares at $22.00 per share.
The IPO values Kenvue at about $41 billion.
 The offering was priced at the higher end of the $20 to $23 targeted range, with about 10% more shares sold than planned.
 Kenvue has granted the underwriters an option to purchase up to 25.9 million shares.
 Kenvue\s common stock has been approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol KVUE and is expected to begin trading on May 4.
 After the listing, J&J will control about 91% of Kenvues shares, owning slightly more than 1.7 billion.
 Kenvues debut also marks the largest restructuring in J&Js 135-year history.
J&J announced the split in late 2021 to streamline operations and refocus on its pharmaceutical and medical device divisions.
 Kenvues products include several J&J brands, including Tylenol, Listerine, Neutrogena, and Nicorette.
 On a pro forma basis, the business had a net income of about $1.45 billion on sales of $14.95 billion for the year ended Jan.
1, according to its SEC filing.
 Kenvues share sale marks the biggest IPO to result from a corporate carve-out in over two decades, Reuters reported.
It is the largest IPO to launch since electric vehicle maker Rivian Automotive Inc (RIVN  -3.37%) went public in 2021.NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J.
 July 24, 2023 -- Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) today announced its intention to split-off at least 80.1% of the shares of Kenvue Inc.
(NYSE: KVUE) (“Kenvue”) through an exchange offer.
Kenvue, formerly Johnson & Johnson’s Consumer Health business, completed its initial public offering (“IPO”) in May 2023.
Through the planned exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson shareholders can exchange all, some or none of their shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock for shares of Kenvue common stock, subject to the terms of the offer.
The exchange offer is expected to be tax-free for U.S.
Federal income tax purposes.
 Johnson & Johnson also announced today that, in connection with the planned split-off, it has received a waiver of the 180-day lock up with respect to the shares of Kenvue common stock held by it from the joint lead book-running managers of the IPO.
 “The separation of Kenvue further sharpens Johnson & Johnson’s focus on transformational innovation specifically in Pharmaceutical and MedTech,” said Joaquin Duato, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson.
“We believe now is the right time to distribute our Kenvue shares, and we are confident that a split-off is the appropriate path forward to bring value to our shareholders.”, The exchange offer will permit Johnson & Johnson shareholders to exchange some, all or none of their shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock for shares of Kenvue common stock at a 7% discount, subject to an upper limit of 8.0549 shares of Kenvue common stock per share of Johnson & Johnson common stock tendered and accepted in the exchange offer.
If the upper limit is not in effect, tendering shareholders are expected to receive approximately $107.53 of Kenvue common stock for every $100 of Johnson & Johnson common stock tendered.
 Johnson & Johnson will determine the prices at which shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock and shares of Kenvue common stock will be exchanged by reference to the arithmetic average of the daily volume-weighted average prices of shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock and Kenvue common stock on the NYSE during the three consecutive trading days ending on and including the second trading day preceding the expiration date of the exchange offer, which are expected to be August 14, 15 and 16, 2023, if the exchange offer is not extended or terminated.
The final exchange ratio, reflecting the number of shares of Kenvue common stock that tendering shareholders will receive for each share of Johnson & Johnson common stock accepted in the exchange offer, will be announced by press release by 9:00 a.m.
 New York City time, on the trading day immediately preceding the expiration date of the Exchange Offer (which expiration date, if the Exchange Offer is not extended or terminated, would be August 18, 2023).
The final exchange ratio, when announced, and a daily indicative exchange ratio beginning on the third trading day of the exchange offer period, also will be available at www.JNJSeparation.com.
 The completion of the exchange offer is subject to certain conditions, including: at least 460,149,135 shares of Kenvue common stock being distributed in exchange for shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock validly tendered in the exchange offer; and the receipt of an opinion of counsel that the exchange offer will qualify for tax-free treatment to Johnson & Johnson and its participating stockholders.
 Johnson & Johnson currently owns 1,716,160,000 shares of Kenvue common stock, representing approximately 89.6% of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue common stock.
Johnson & Johnson is offering to exchange up to 1,533,830,450 shares of Kenvue common stock for outstanding shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock in the exchange offer.
If the exchange offer is consummated but not fully subscribed, Johnson & Johnson intends to make a tax-free distribution to its shareholders of the shares of Kenvue common stock that were offered but not exchanged in the exchange offer effected as a dividend on a pro rata basis to holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock as of the record date.
The record date for the clean-up spin-off, if any, is expected to be seven business days following the expiration date of the exchange offer.
 The exchange offer is voluntary for Johnson & Johnson shareholders.
No action is necessary for Johnson & Johnson shareholders who choose not to participate.
 The terms and conditions of the exchange offer will be outlined in a registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed by Kenvue with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and a tender offer statement on Schedule TO to be filed by Johnson & Johnson with the SEC today.
 Goldman Sachs & Co.
LLC and J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC will serve as dealer managers for the exchange offer.
 About Johnson & Johnson
At Johnson & Johnson, we believe good health is the foundation of vibrant lives, thriving communities and forward progress.
That’s why for more than 135 years, we have aimed to keep people well at every age and every stage of life.
Today, as the world’s largest, most diversified healthcare products company, we are committed to using our reach and size for good.
We strive to improve access and affordability, create healthier communities, and put a healthy mind, body and environment within reach of everyone, everywhere.
We are blending our heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity.
 Forward Looking Statements
This communication contains certain statements about Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue that are forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions regarding Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s respective businesses, the economy and other future conditions.
In addition, the forward-looking statements contained in this communication may include statements about the expected effects on Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue of the exchange offer, the anticipated timing and benefits of the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s anticipated financial results, and all other statements in this communication that are not historical facts.
 Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and are detailed more fully in Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s respective periodic reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), the Registration Statement referred to below, including the Prospectus forming a part thereof, the Schedule TO and other exchange offer documents filed by Johnson & Johnson or Kenvue, as applicable, with the SEC.
Such uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements included herein are made as of the date hereof, and neither Johnson & Johnson nor Kenvue undertakes any obligation to update publicly such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws.
Investors should not put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
 Additional Information and Where to Find It
This communication is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to sell or exchange, a solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange any securities and a recommendation as to whether investors should participate in the exchange offer.
If the exchange offer is commenced, Kenvue will file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”) that will include a Prospectus.
There can be no assurances that Johnson & Johnson will commence the exchange offer on the terms described in this document or at all.
The exchange offer will be made solely by the Prospectus.
The Prospectus will contain important information about the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson, Kenvue and related matters, and Johnson & Johnson will deliver the Prospectus to holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock.
INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROSPECTUS, AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC, WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE AND BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT DECISION, BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION.
None of Johnson & Johnson, Kenvue or any of their respective directors or officers or the dealer managers appointed with respect to the exchange offer makes any recommendation as to whether you should participate in the exchange offer.
 Johnson & Johnson will file with the SEC a Schedule TO, which will contain important information about the exchange offer.
 Holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock may obtain copies of the Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Schedule TO and other related documents, and any other information that Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue file electronically with the SEC free of charge at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.
Holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock will also be able to obtain a copy of the Prospectus by clicking on the appropriate link on http://www.JNJSeparation.com.
 Johnson & Johnson has retained Georgeson LLC as the information agent for the exchange offer.
To obtain copies of the exchange offer Prospectus and related documents, or for questions about the terms of the exchange offer or how to participate, you may contact the information agent at 1-866-695-6074 (toll-free for stockholders, banks and brokers) or +1-781-575-2137 (all others outside the United States).
 Investor Relations:
Jessica Moore (Johnson & Johnson)
investor-relations@its.jnj.com, Media Relations:
Jake Sargent (Johnson & Johnson)
media-relations@its.jnj.com, Do not sell or share my personal information
Limit the use of my sensitive personal information, © Johnson & Johnson and its affiliates 2026Kenvue Inc.
is an American consumer health company.
Formerly the Consumer Healthcare division of Johnson & Johnson,[3] Kenvue owns well-known brands such as Aveeno,[4] Band-Aid,[5] Benadryl, Combantrin, Zyrtec,[6] Johnsons,[7] Listerine, Lactaid,[8] Mylanta, Neutrogena,[4] Trosyd, Calpol, Tylenol,[8] and Visine.
Kenvue is incorporated in Delaware[1] and was originally headquartered in the Skillman section of Montgomery Township, New Jersey, before relocating to Summit, New Jersey.[9], Johnson & Johnson announced in November 2021 that it would spin off its consumer health division as a separate company.
The new company was named Kenvue in September 2022, and its initial public offering took place in May 2023, raising $3.8 billion in the largest U.S.
IPO since 2021, with an initial valuation of about $41 billion.
Johnson & Johnson initially retained more than 90% ownership before completing a full separation through a share exchange in July 2023.
Kenvue was subsequently added to the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats index.
 Kenvue employed about 22,200 people in 2022 and was first led by CEO Thibaut Mongon.
Following Mongon’s termination in 2025, Kirk Perry was named interim CEO.
In November 2025, Perry was named as the permanent CEO.
[10], The company has also faced controversy, including a securities class action filed in 2023 alleging misleading disclosures regarding risks related to phenylephrine, which led to its stock trading below IPO levels.
 On November 3, 2025, Kimberly-Clark announced that it was acquiring Kenvue for a total enterprise value of US$48.7 billion.
The acquisition is expected to close around the second half of 2026.[11], On November 12, 2021, Johnson & Johnson announced that it would spin off its consumer health division as a separate company, in an effort to streamline operations.[3] The new company would assume well-known consumer brands such as Aveeno, Band-Aid, Neutrogena, and Tylenol, while Johnson & Johnson would focus on the pharmaceutical and medical device sectors.[3] CEO Alex Gorsky said that the split was in response to a significant evolution in these markets, particularly on the consumer side,[3] and would enable faster expansion for both businesses.[12], Other pharmaceutical companies that made similar moves around this time included Merck & Co.
 which sold its consumer health business to Bayer in 2014,[note 1][3] and Pfizer, which merged its consumer health division with that of GSK plc in 2019.[note 2][12] The November 2021 announcement also occurred the same week that General Electric and Toshiba each announced that they would split into multiple entities.[12], The New York Times noted that Johnson & Johnson had long benefited from a halo effect, namely a lingering positive connotation ascribed to the company name stemming from its popular household brands such as Johnson\s Baby, but that its reputation had declined as a result of various controversies in recent years;[12] Johnson & Johnson was the subject of litigation over its role in the opioid epidemic in the United States, as well as over allegations that its talc-based baby powder contained asbestos and caused ovarian cancer for some consumers.[12] The spin-off was seen as an effort to move past these controversies and assuage shareholder apprehension.[12], The Times also pointed out that, while the consumer health business operates many well-known brands, it was not nearly as lucrative as the pharmaceutical and medical device sectors, taking $15 billion in revenue in 2021 compared to the latter\s combined $77 billion, and commented that the popularity of the consumer brands does not do much to advance Johnson & Johnson\s medical businesses, which are far more important to the company\s finances.[12], On February 23, 2022, the consumer health business was registered as a corporation in Delaware,[1] under the provisional name JNTL, Inc.[17] On September 28, 2022, Johnson & Johnson said that the new consumer health company would be called Kenvue, a combination of ken, a Scottish English word for \knowledge\, and vue, a homophone of view intended to evoke the concept of \sight\.[18] At the time, Kenvue\s total number of employees in was about 22,000.
 In January 2023, Kenvue filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission for an initial public offering (IPO).[19] Kenvue issued about 1.89 billion shares, of which about 170 million were to be offered at the IPO.[1] This meant that after the IPO, Johnson & Johnson would retain almost 91 percent of the shares.[20][21], The IPO took place on May 4, 2023.[22] Shares of Kenvue were priced at $22,[23][24][25] implying an initial equity valuation for Kenvue of about $41 billion, and traded at $26.90 at the end of the first trading day.[26] Raising about $3.8 billion in capital for Kenvue, it was the largest IPO since the IPO of Rivian on November 10, 2021.[27] The IPO was seen as a useful gauge of broader investor confidence.[26] Observers cited rising interest rates and predictions of a looming recession to explain the slowdown in the U.S.
IPO market since 2022, and said that Kenvue was an idiosyncratic IPO candidate as it was well-established, with an extensive track record of profitable years under its parent company.[26][28], On July 24, 2023, Johnson & Johnson launched an exchange offer to split-off Kenvue allowing Johnson & Johnson shareholders can exchange all, some or none of their shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock for shares of Kenvue.[29][30], In August 2023, Kenvue was added to the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats index.[31], In March 2025, following the purchase of a stake in the company by activist investment firm Starboard, Jeffrey Smith, the CEO, took a seat on Kenvue’s board of directors.[32] In July 2025, Thibaut Mongon, the first CEO of Kenvue, was terminated,[33] and a review of the company’s strategy was begun.[34], In November 2025, Kimberly-Clark, a consumer products giant whose brands include Kleenex and Huggies, agreed to spend about $40 billion to acquire Kenvue.[34] In terms of sales, the two companies had been roughly equal - in 2024, Kimberly-Clark had revenue of about $20.1 billion, while Kenvues revenue was about $15.5 billion.
The cash-and-stock deal will result in Kimberly-Clark shareholders owning about 54 percent of the new, combined company, with Kenvue shareholders owning about 46 percent.[35], Consumer brands operated by Kenvue include: the following:, A securities class action was initiated in the United States District Court of New Jersey by law firm Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check LLP on 9 October 2023.
The action alleged that Kenvue was in violation of federal securities laws, alleging fraudulent and misleading statements, including omissions, about the companys internal control and financial reporting.[39][40] This was specifically in relation to Kenvues Registration Statement which is said not to have disclosed information pertaining to possible risks and potential litigation regarding phenylephrine, its uses and efficacy.[41][42] As a result, investors were informed of the lawsuit and noted significant losses.[39][40] Kenvue shares closed at 9.6% below the IPO price, at $19.87.[41], Informational notes, CitationsNEW BRUNSWICK, N.J.
 August 16, 2023 -- Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) today announced the final exchange ratio for its previously announced split-off exchange offer to Johnson & Johnson shareholders to exchange their shares of Johnson & Johnson for shares of common stock of Kenvue Inc.
(NYSE: KVUE) (“Kenvue”) currently held by Johnson & Johnson.
 For each share of Johnson & Johnson common stock that is validly tendered and not validly withdrawn by shareholders and that is accepted by Johnson & Johnson pursuant to the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson will deliver 8.0324 shares of Kenvue common stock to or at the direction of any such tendering shareholder.
 Based on the final exchange ratio, Johnson & Johnson currently expects to accept for exchange approximately 190,955,436 shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock if the exchange offer is fully subscribed (and if Johnson & Johnson determines not to increase the number of shares to be accepted as described in the Prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission).
Because the exchange offer will be subject to proration if the exchange offer is oversubscribed, the number of shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock that Johnson & Johnson accepts in the exchange offer may be less than the number of shares validly tendered by Johnson & Johnson shareholders.
 The exchange offer is currently scheduled to expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, at the end of the day on August 18, 2023, unless terminated or extended.
 Goldman Sachs & Co.
LLC and J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC are the dealer managers for the exchange offer.
 About Johnson & Johnson
At Johnson & Johnson, we believe good health is the foundation of vibrant lives, thriving communities and forward progress.
That’s why for more than 135 years, we have aimed to keep people well at every age and every stage of life.
Today, as the world’s largest, most diversified healthcare products company, we are committed to using our reach and size for good.
We strive to improve access and affordability, create healthier communities, and put a healthy mind, body and environment within reach of everyone, everywhere.
We are blending our heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity.
 Forward Looking Statements
This communication contains certain statements about Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue that are forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions regarding Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s respective businesses, the economy and other future conditions.
In addition, the forward-looking statements contained in this communication may include statements about the expected effects on Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue of the exchange offer, the anticipated timing and benefits of the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s anticipated financial results, and all other statements in this communication that are not historical facts.
 Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and are detailed more fully in Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s respective periodic reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), the Registration Statement referred to below, including the Prospectus forming a part thereof, the Schedule TO and other exchange offer documents filed by Johnson & Johnson or Kenvue, as applicable, with the SEC.
Such uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements included herein are made as of the date hereof, and neither Johnson & Johnson nor Kenvue undertakes any obligation to update publicly such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws.
Investors should not put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
 Additional Information and Where to Find It
This communication is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to sell or exchange, a solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange any securities and a recommendation as to whether investors should participate in the exchange offer.
Kenvue has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”), including the Prospectus forming a part thereof, and Johnson & Johnson has filed with the SEC a Schedule TO, which more fully describes the terms and conditions of the exchange offer.
The exchange offer will be made solely by the Prospectus.
The Prospectus contains important information about the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson, Kenvue and related matters, and Johnson & Johnson will deliver the Prospectus to holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock.
INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROSPECTUS, AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC, WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE AND BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT DECISION, BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION.
None of Johnson & Johnson, Kenvue or any of their respective directors or officers or the dealer managers appointed with respect to the exchange offer makes any recommendation as to whether you should participate in the exchange offer.
 Holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock may obtain copies of the Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Schedule TO and other related documents, and any other information that Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue file electronically with the SEC free of charge at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.
Holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock will also be able to obtain a copy of the Prospectus by clicking on the appropriate link on http://www.JNJSeparation.com.
 Johnson & Johnson has retained Georgeson LLC as the information agent for the exchange offer.
To obtain copies of the exchange offer Prospectus and related documents, or for questions about the terms of the exchange offer or how to participate, you may contact the information agent at 1-866-695-6074 (toll-free for stockholders, banks and brokers) or +1-781-575-2137 (all others outside the United States).
 Investor Relations:
Jessica Moore
investor-relations@its.jnj.com, Media Relations:
Jake Sargent
media-relations@its.jnj.com, Do not sell or share my personal information
Limit the use of my sensitive personal information, © Johnson & Johnson and its affiliates 2026