NEW BRUNSWICK AND SKILLMAN, N.J.
 MAY 3, 2023 – Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) and Kenvue Inc.
(“Kenvue”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson, today announced the pricing of Kenvue’s upsized initial public offering (“IPO”) of 172,812,560 shares of Kenvue’s common stock at a price to the public of $22.00 per share.
In addition, Kenvue has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 25,921,884 shares of its common stock to cover over-allotments, if any.
Kenvue’s common stock has been approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “KVUE” and is expected to begin trading on May 4, 2023.
The IPO is expected to close on May 8, 2023, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions.
 After the completion of the IPO, Johnson & Johnson will own 1,716,160,000 shares of Kenvue’s common stock, representing 90.9% of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue’s common stock (or 89.6% if the underwriters exercise in full their over-allotment option).
 Goldman Sachs & Co.
LLC, J.P.
Morgan and BofA Securities are acting as joint lead book-running managers for the IPO.
Citigroup, Deutsche Bank Securities, BNP Paribas, HSBC, RBC Capital Markets and UBS Investment Bank are acting as book-running managers for the IPO and BBVA, ING, IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo, Santander, UniCredit Capital Markets, Academy Securities, Independence Point Securities, Ramirez & Co.
 Inc.
 R.
Seelaus & Co.
 LLC and Siebert Williams Shank are acting as co-managers for the IPO.
 A registration statement on Form S-1 relating to these securities has been filed and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The IPO is being made only by means of a prospectus forming part of the effective registration statement.
A copy of the prospectus relating to the IPO, when available, may be obtained from Goldman Sachs & Co.
LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282, telephone: 1-866-471-2526, facsimile: 212-902-9316, or by emailing: prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com; J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, telephone: 1-866-803-9204, or by emailing: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; or BofA Securities, NC1-022-02-25, Attention: Prospectus Department, 201 North Tryon Street, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255, telephone: 1-800-294-1322, or by emailing: dg.prospectus_requests@bofa.com.
 This press release is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.
 About Johnson & Johnson
At Johnson & Johnson, we believe good health is the foundation of vibrant lives, thriving communities and forward progress.
That’s why for more than 135 years, we have aimed to keep people well at every age and every stage of life.
Today, as the world’s largest, most diversified healthcare products company, we are committed to using our reach and size for good.
We strive to improve access and affordability, create healthier communities, and put a healthy mind, body and environment within reach of everyone, everywhere.
We are blending our heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity.
 About Kenvue
Kenvue is the world’s largest pure-play consumer health company by revenue.
Built on more than a century of heritage and propelled forward by science, our iconic brands—including AVEENO®, BAND-AID® Brand Adhesive Bandages, JOHNSON’S®, LISTERINE®, NEUTROGENA®, TYLENOL® and ZYRTEC® — are recommended by health care professionals and can be trusted by consumers who use our products to improve their daily lives.
Our team members share a digital-first mindset, with an approach to innovation grounded in deep human insights and work every day to earn a place for our products in consumers’ hearts and homes.
At Kenvue, we believe everyday care can not only make people well; it can make them whole.
 Cautions Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
This release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding, among other things: the closing of the IPO, whether the underwriters will exercise their over-allotment option, the number of shares to be held by Johnson & Johnson following the IPO and the expectations relating to the listing of Kenvue’s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange.
Readers are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements.
These statements are based on current expectations of future events.
If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue.
Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the satisfaction of customary closing conditions relating to the IPO; capital market risks; and the impact of general economic or industry conditions.
For a further list and descriptions of the risks, uncertainties and other factors that affect Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s businesses, please review their respective filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Johnson & Johnson’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023.
Any forward-looking statement made in this press release speaks only as of the date of this press release.
Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments.
 Investor Relations:
Jessica Moore (Johnson & Johnson)
investor-relations@its.jnj.com, Tina Romani (Kenvue)
Kenvue_IR@kenvue.com, Do not sell or share my personal information
Limit the use of my sensitive personal information, © Johnson & Johnson and its affiliates 2026NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J.
 July 24, 2023 -- Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) today announced its intention to split-off at least 80.1% of the shares of Kenvue Inc.
(NYSE: KVUE) (“Kenvue”) through an exchange offer.
Kenvue, formerly Johnson & Johnson’s Consumer Health business, completed its initial public offering (“IPO”) in May 2023.
Through the planned exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson shareholders can exchange all, some or none of their shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock for shares of Kenvue common stock, subject to the terms of the offer.
The exchange offer is expected to be tax-free for U.S.
Federal income tax purposes.
 Johnson & Johnson also announced today that, in connection with the planned split-off, it has received a waiver of the 180-day lock up with respect to the shares of Kenvue common stock held by it from the joint lead book-running managers of the IPO.
 “The separation of Kenvue further sharpens Johnson & Johnson’s focus on transformational innovation specifically in Pharmaceutical and MedTech,” said Joaquin Duato, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson.
“We believe now is the right time to distribute our Kenvue shares, and we are confident that a split-off is the appropriate path forward to bring value to our shareholders.”, The exchange offer will permit Johnson & Johnson shareholders to exchange some, all or none of their shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock for shares of Kenvue common stock at a 7% discount, subject to an upper limit of 8.0549 shares of Kenvue common stock per share of Johnson & Johnson common stock tendered and accepted in the exchange offer.
If the upper limit is not in effect, tendering shareholders are expected to receive approximately $107.53 of Kenvue common stock for every $100 of Johnson & Johnson common stock tendered.
 Johnson & Johnson will determine the prices at which shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock and shares of Kenvue common stock will be exchanged by reference to the arithmetic average of the daily volume-weighted average prices of shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock and Kenvue common stock on the NYSE during the three consecutive trading days ending on and including the second trading day preceding the expiration date of the exchange offer, which are expected to be August 14, 15 and 16, 2023, if the exchange offer is not extended or terminated.
The final exchange ratio, reflecting the number of shares of Kenvue common stock that tendering shareholders will receive for each share of Johnson & Johnson common stock accepted in the exchange offer, will be announced by press release by 9:00 a.m.
 New York City time, on the trading day immediately preceding the expiration date of the Exchange Offer (which expiration date, if the Exchange Offer is not extended or terminated, would be August 18, 2023).
The final exchange ratio, when announced, and a daily indicative exchange ratio beginning on the third trading day of the exchange offer period, also will be available at www.JNJSeparation.com.
 The completion of the exchange offer is subject to certain conditions, including: at least 460,149,135 shares of Kenvue common stock being distributed in exchange for shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock validly tendered in the exchange offer; and the receipt of an opinion of counsel that the exchange offer will qualify for tax-free treatment to Johnson & Johnson and its participating stockholders.
 Johnson & Johnson currently owns 1,716,160,000 shares of Kenvue common stock, representing approximately 89.6% of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue common stock.
Johnson & Johnson is offering to exchange up to 1,533,830,450 shares of Kenvue common stock for outstanding shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock in the exchange offer.
If the exchange offer is consummated but not fully subscribed, Johnson & Johnson intends to make a tax-free distribution to its shareholders of the shares of Kenvue common stock that were offered but not exchanged in the exchange offer effected as a dividend on a pro rata basis to holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock as of the record date.
The record date for the clean-up spin-off, if any, is expected to be seven business days following the expiration date of the exchange offer.
 The exchange offer is voluntary for Johnson & Johnson shareholders.
No action is necessary for Johnson & Johnson shareholders who choose not to participate.
 The terms and conditions of the exchange offer will be outlined in a registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed by Kenvue with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and a tender offer statement on Schedule TO to be filed by Johnson & Johnson with the SEC today.
 Goldman Sachs & Co.
LLC and J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC will serve as dealer managers for the exchange offer.
 About Johnson & Johnson
At Johnson & Johnson, we believe good health is the foundation of vibrant lives, thriving communities and forward progress.
That’s why for more than 135 years, we have aimed to keep people well at every age and every stage of life.
Today, as the world’s largest, most diversified healthcare products company, we are committed to using our reach and size for good.
We strive to improve access and affordability, create healthier communities, and put a healthy mind, body and environment within reach of everyone, everywhere.
We are blending our heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity.
 Forward Looking Statements
This communication contains certain statements about Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue that are forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions regarding Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s respective businesses, the economy and other future conditions.
In addition, the forward-looking statements contained in this communication may include statements about the expected effects on Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue of the exchange offer, the anticipated timing and benefits of the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s anticipated financial results, and all other statements in this communication that are not historical facts.
 Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and are detailed more fully in Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s respective periodic reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), the Registration Statement referred to below, including the Prospectus forming a part thereof, the Schedule TO and other exchange offer documents filed by Johnson & Johnson or Kenvue, as applicable, with the SEC.
Such uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements included herein are made as of the date hereof, and neither Johnson & Johnson nor Kenvue undertakes any obligation to update publicly such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws.
Investors should not put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
 Additional Information and Where to Find It
This communication is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to sell or exchange, a solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange any securities and a recommendation as to whether investors should participate in the exchange offer.
If the exchange offer is commenced, Kenvue will file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”) that will include a Prospectus.
There can be no assurances that Johnson & Johnson will commence the exchange offer on the terms described in this document or at all.
The exchange offer will be made solely by the Prospectus.
The Prospectus will contain important information about the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson, Kenvue and related matters, and Johnson & Johnson will deliver the Prospectus to holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock.
INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROSPECTUS, AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC, WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE AND BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT DECISION, BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION.
None of Johnson & Johnson, Kenvue or any of their respective directors or officers or the dealer managers appointed with respect to the exchange offer makes any recommendation as to whether you should participate in the exchange offer.
 Johnson & Johnson will file with the SEC a Schedule TO, which will contain important information about the exchange offer.
 Holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock may obtain copies of the Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Schedule TO and other related documents, and any other information that Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue file electronically with the SEC free of charge at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.
Holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock will also be able to obtain a copy of the Prospectus by clicking on the appropriate link on http://www.JNJSeparation.com.
 Johnson & Johnson has retained Georgeson LLC as the information agent for the exchange offer.
To obtain copies of the exchange offer Prospectus and related documents, or for questions about the terms of the exchange offer or how to participate, you may contact the information agent at 1-866-695-6074 (toll-free for stockholders, banks and brokers) or +1-781-575-2137 (all others outside the United States).
 Investor Relations:
Jessica Moore (Johnson & Johnson)
investor-relations@its.jnj.com, Media Relations:
Jake Sargent (Johnson & Johnson)
media-relations@its.jnj.com, Do not sell or share my personal information
Limit the use of my sensitive personal information, © Johnson & Johnson and its affiliates 2026Johnson & Johnson announced the next step in the split off of the consumer healthcare group Kenvue KVUE by offering at least 80.1% of the shares of Kenvue through an exchange offer.
We don’t expect this step to have a major impact on J&J’s fair value estimate or wide moat rating.
We also don’t expect any material changes to Kenvue’s fair value estimate or wide moat rating.
We expect the Kenvue divestment will reduce the shares outstanding of J&J by approximately the value of the divested unit.
The exchange offer follows an initial public offering of just over 10% of Kenvue in May.
Within the exchange offering, J&J shareholders have the option to exchange all, some, or none of their shares for shares of Kenvue.
With J&J offering an incentive of a 7% discount on Kenvue shares, we expect a high preference for Kenvue shares, especially as Kenvue is trading below our fair value estimate and J&J is trading just above our fair value estimate.
 We expect the exchange offering will be the last step to completely divest Kenvue from J&J.
The remaining J&J business will be a more focused company, leading in the developing and marketing of pharmaceuticals and medical devices.
We continue to view the strong intangible assets in the pharma business and switching costs in the device segment (along with some intangible assets as well) as continuing to support a wide moat for J&J following the consumer unit divestment.
Additionally, we believe a completely independent Kenvue will be able to more fully control capital allocation priorities, including paying recently initiated dividends and deleveraging its balance sheet, which should reinforce its wide moat.
 The author or authors do not own shares in any securities mentioned in this article.
Find out about Morningstar’s editorial policies.Kenvue has a market cap or net worth of $32.24 billion.
The enterprise value is $40.21 billion.
 The next estimated earnings date is Thursday, February 5, 2026, before market open.
 Kenvue has 1.92 billion shares outstanding.
The number of shares has increased by 0.29% in one year.
 The trailing PE ratio is 22.51 and the forward PE ratio is 15.60.
Kenvues PEG ratio is 4.24.
 The stocks EV/EBITDA ratio is 11.36, with an EV/FCF ratio of 24.63.
 The company has a current ratio of 0.98, with a Debt / Equity ratio of 0.86.
 Return on equity (ROE) is 13.47% and return on invested capital (ROIC) is 9.47%.
 In the past 12 months, Kenvue has paid $485.00 million in taxes.
 The stock price has decreased by -20.24% in the last 52 weeks.
The beta is 0.55, so Kenvues price volatility has been lower than the market average.
 The latest short interest is 68.42 million, so 3.57% of the outstanding shares have been sold short.
 In the last 12 months, Kenvue had revenue of $15.01 billion and earned $1.43 billion in profits.
Earnings per share was $0.75.
 The company has $1.14 billion in cash and $9.11 billion in debt, with a net cash position of -$7.97 billion or -$4.16 per share.
 In the last 12 months, operating cash flow was $2.14 billion and capital expenditures -$503.00 million, giving a free cash flow of $1.63 billion.
 Gross margin is 58.33%, with operating and profit margins of 19.81% and 9.55%.
 This stock pays an annual dividend of $0.83, which amounts to a dividend yield of 4.93%.
 The average price target for Kenvue is $20.00, which is 18.84% higher than the current price.
The consensus rating is Buy.
 There are several formulas that can be used to estimate the intrinsic value of a stock.
 This stock does not have any record of stock splits.
 Kenvue has an Altman Z-Score of 2.42 and a Piotroski F-Score of 5.
A Z-score under 3 suggests an increased risk of bankruptcy.
 Daily market news in bullet point format.
 © 2026 StockAnalysis.com.
All rights reserved.Kenvue Inc.
operates as a consumer health company in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia-Pacific, and Latin America.
It operates through three segments: Self Care, Skin Health and Beauty, and Essential Health.
The Self Care segment offers cough, cold and allergy, pain care, digestive health, smoking cessation, eye care, and other products under the Tylenol, Motrin, Benadryl, Nicorette, Zarbee’s, ORSLTM, Rhinocort, Calpol, and Zyrtec brands.
The Skin Health and Beauty segment provides face and body care, hair, sun, and other...
[Read more], In 2024, Kenvues revenue was $15.46 billion, an increase of 0.07% compared to the previous years $15.44 billion.
Earnings were $1.03 billion, a decrease of -38.10%.
 According to 12 analysts, the average rating for KVUE stock is Buy.
The 12-month stock price target is $20.0, which is an increase of 18.84% from the latest price.
 The ProShares S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrat ETF (NOBL) underperformed SPY in 2025, gaining 7.2% versus SPYs 18.42%.
Despite average underperformance, select Aristocrats like CAH (+74.18%), ALB (+66.90%...
 Dividend Kings underperformed SPY in 2025, up 4.47% vs.
SPYs 17.7%, but select Kings outperformed the index.
Twenty-two Dividend Kings are identified as both potentially undervalued and offering long...
 Dividend Kings remain largely overvalued, but six—including MO, UVV, HRL, KVUE, CDUAF, and UBSI—are now fairly priced with yields (from $1k invested) exceeding share prices.
Analyst forecasts project ...
 The US Equity Income Fund underperformed its benchmark, the Russell 1000 Value Index, net of fees during the third quarter.
Enterprise software company, Oracle Corporation, was a top contributor to re...
 S&P 500 high-yield safer dividend stocks offer attractive upside, with twelve currently meeting the dogcatcher ideal of dividends exceeding share prices.
Analyst targets forecast 21.14% to 44.05% ne...
 Kenvue Inc.
(KVUE), a maker of consumer health products including pain reliever Tylenol, was a notable detractor.
Information technology services provider Fidelity National Information Services Inc.
(...
 Kimberly-Clark is acquiring Kenvue in a $48.7 billion cash-and-stock deal.
I believe the deal is likely to close, and that Kenvue stock gives folks a decent way to buy Kimberly-Clark at a discount.
Th...
 Shares of Teradyne advanced sharply as investors cheered the companys robust earnings and outlook for Teradynes artificial intelligence compute testing business.
We initiated a position in this cust...
 The ProShares S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats ETF (NOBL) has underperformed the SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY) year-to-date, but November shows a reversal.
Several Dividend Aristocrats, including CAH, CAT, CHRW,...
 Shares of Teradyne advanced sharply as investors cheered the companys robust earnings and outlook for Teradynes artificial intelligence compute testing business.
Shares of Henry Schein declined as p...
 A U.S.
appeals court is expected to hear arguments on Monday from families seeking to revive their lawsuits over Tylenol, after the Trump administration publicly promoted their claims that the popular...
 A Texas state judge wont block Kenvue from paying its scheduled November 26 shareholder dividend, rejecting a request by Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, a Kenvue lawyer told Reuters on Friday.
 A Texas judge on Friday will consider state Attorney General Ken Paxtons bid to block Kenvue from paying a $398 million dividend to shareholders and from marketing Tylenol as safe for pregnant women.
 Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton on Thursday asked a state judge to block Kenvue from paying a nearly $400 million shareholder dividend this month, after suing the drugmaker for allegedly concealing ...
 Fiserv (FI) leads decliners with a 49% drop, driven by leadership turmoil, weak consumer spending, and a downgraded quant rating to Strong Sell.
Alexandria Real Estate (ARE) and Robert Half (RHI) su...
 Consumer staples ETFs, usually the quiet corner of the market, are suddenly in the spotlight.
The $48.7 billion acquisition of Kenvue Inc.
(NYSE:KVUE) by Kimberly-Clark Corp (NASDAQ:KMB) has stirred r...
 Mike Hsu aims to stoke the consumer companys growth by veering into Kenvues higher-margin but risky health products.
 NEW YORK CITY & NEW ORLEANS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Former Attorney General of Louisiana Charles C.
Foti, Jr.
 Esq.
and the law firm of Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC (“KSF”) are investigating the proposed sale of ...
 Kimberly-Clark CEO Mike Hsu told CNBCs Jim Cramer that his companys acquisition of Tylenol maker Kenvue will create value for shareholders, even as the the pain reliever is scrutinized by the Trump ...
 Kimberly-Clark said on Monday it plans to acquire Band-Aid maker Kenvue , even as the latter company faces thousands of lawsuits involving its painkiller Tylenol and talc-based baby powder, raising qu...
 A linkup with an artificial intelligence player helped power shares of a top cloud-computing services company higher Monday, while an acquisition in the consumer goods space sent the two stocks on div...
 NEW YORK , Nov.
3, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Rowley Law PLLC is investigating potential securities law violations by Kenvue Inc.
(NYSE: KVUE) and its board of directors concerning the proposed acquisition ...
 Kimberly-Clarks nearly $50 billion offer for Tylenol maker Kenvue is a risky bet that the worlds biggest consumer market, the United States, will keep growing even as lower-income shoppers trim thei...
 Its been a tough few weeks for the consumer health company Kenvue, after President Trump publicly spread unproven claims about Tylenol, one of its core subsidiary brands.
Today, though, it seems like...
 There is no firm evidence of a link between the use of the drug and autism.
 Daily market news in bullet point format.
 © 2026 StockAnalysis.com.
All rights reserved.Send Kenvue Inc.
Investor relations an email at,
Kenvue_IR@kenvue.com, This site is governed solely by applicable U.S.
laws and governmental regulations.
Please see our Privacy Policy.
Use of this site constitutes your consent to application of such laws and regulations and to our Privacy Policy.
Your use of the information on this site is subject to our Terms of Service in the Legal Notice.
You should view the Media section in order to receive the most current information made available by Kenvue.
Contact Us with any questions or search this site for more information.Johnson & Johnsons (NYSE: JNJ) consumer-healthcare business carve-out, Kenvue Inc, priced its upsized initial public offering of 172.8 million shares at $22.00 per share.
The IPO values Kenvue at about $41 billion.
 The offering was priced at the higher end of the $20 to $23 targeted range, with about 10% more shares sold than planned.
 Kenvue has granted the underwriters an option to purchase up to 25.9 million shares.
 Kenvue\s common stock has been approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol KVUE and is expected to begin trading on May 4.
 After the listing, J&J will control about 91% of Kenvues shares, owning slightly more than 1.7 billion.
 Kenvues debut also marks the largest restructuring in J&Js 135-year history.
J&J announced the split in late 2021 to streamline operations and refocus on its pharmaceutical and medical device divisions.
 Kenvues products include several J&J brands, including Tylenol, Listerine, Neutrogena, and Nicorette.
 On a pro forma basis, the business had a net income of about $1.45 billion on sales of $14.95 billion for the year ended Jan.
1, according to its SEC filing.
 Kenvues share sale marks the biggest IPO to result from a corporate carve-out in over two decades, Reuters reported.
It is the largest IPO to launch since electric vehicle maker Rivian Automotive Inc (NASDAQ: RIVN) went public in 2021.
 Price Action: JNJ shares are down 0.67% at $161.79 on the last check Thursday.
 Dont miss real-time alerts on your stocks - join Benzinga Pro for free! Try the tool that will help you invest smarter, faster, and better.
 This article Kenvues IPO Extravaganza: A Historic $41 Billion Spinoff from Johnson & Johnson originally appeared on Benzinga.com, .
 © 2023 Benzinga.com.
Benzinga does not provide investment advice.
All rights reserved.The multinational launched the exchange offer in July in a bid to take its hands off the Kenvue reins, Johnson & Johnson (J&J) is retaining a stake of around 9.5% in its consumer health unit Kenvue, after completing an oversubscribed share exchange offer.
, The healthcare giant launched the exchange offer in July in a bid to take its hands off the Kenvue reins.
, Under the exchange offer, J&J shareholders could exchange all, some or none of their common stock for Kenvue shares, tax-free.
, According to J&J’s preliminary results, when the exchange offer expired 18 August, shareholders had validly tendered 802.7 million shares of J&J common stock.
, With the offer oversubscribed, the company is accepting only a portion of the tendered shares on a pro rata basis, not applicable to those with fewer than 100 shares.
, J&J estimates that about 23.8% of the tendered shares of its common stock will be exchanged.
, The US multinational first unveiled Kenvue in September 2022, following the announcement that it intended to separate its consumer health division into a new publicly listed company the year before.
, In May, Kenvue was valued at around US$41bn in an IPO – the largest IPO in any industry since 2021 – after which J&J still owned 90% of the company.
, When the exchange offer for the separation of Kenvue was announced on 24 July, J&J said the move would allow it to focus on its core businesses.
, “The separation of Kenvue further sharpens Johnson & Johnson’s focus on transformational innovation specifically in pharmaceutical and med-tech,” said J&J’s Chairman and CEO, Joaquin Duato, at the time.
, “We believe now is the right time to distribute our Kenvue shares and we are confident that a split-off is the appropriate path forward to bring value to our shareholders.”, Kenvue’s product portfolio includes the Aveeno, Neutrogena, Johnson’s and Dr.Ci:Labo brands.
 Through digital, live and print products, Cosmetics Business informs and inspires business leaders and decision-makers around the world.
With a digital-first strategy, the Group’s Editors write breaking news, product releases, technical papers, innovation features, trend reports and live content agendas covering the entire industry from ingredients and packaging to regulation, retail and marketing.NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J.
 August 16, 2023 -- Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) today announced the final exchange ratio for its previously announced split-off exchange offer to Johnson & Johnson shareholders to exchange their shares of Johnson & Johnson for shares of common stock of Kenvue Inc.
(NYSE: KVUE) (“Kenvue”) currently held by Johnson & Johnson.
 For each share of Johnson & Johnson common stock that is validly tendered and not validly withdrawn by shareholders and that is accepted by Johnson & Johnson pursuant to the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson will deliver 8.0324 shares of Kenvue common stock to or at the direction of any such tendering shareholder.
 Based on the final exchange ratio, Johnson & Johnson currently expects to accept for exchange approximately 190,955,436 shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock if the exchange offer is fully subscribed (and if Johnson & Johnson determines not to increase the number of shares to be accepted as described in the Prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission).
Because the exchange offer will be subject to proration if the exchange offer is oversubscribed, the number of shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock that Johnson & Johnson accepts in the exchange offer may be less than the number of shares validly tendered by Johnson & Johnson shareholders.
 The exchange offer is currently scheduled to expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, at the end of the day on August 18, 2023, unless terminated or extended.
 Goldman Sachs & Co.
LLC and J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC are the dealer managers for the exchange offer.
 About Johnson & Johnson
At Johnson & Johnson, we believe good health is the foundation of vibrant lives, thriving communities and forward progress.
That’s why for more than 135 years, we have aimed to keep people well at every age and every stage of life.
Today, as the world’s largest, most diversified healthcare products company, we are committed to using our reach and size for good.
We strive to improve access and affordability, create healthier communities, and put a healthy mind, body and environment within reach of everyone, everywhere.
We are blending our heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity.
 Forward Looking Statements
This communication contains certain statements about Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue that are forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions regarding Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s respective businesses, the economy and other future conditions.
In addition, the forward-looking statements contained in this communication may include statements about the expected effects on Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue of the exchange offer, the anticipated timing and benefits of the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s anticipated financial results, and all other statements in this communication that are not historical facts.
 Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and are detailed more fully in Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s respective periodic reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), the Registration Statement referred to below, including the Prospectus forming a part thereof, the Schedule TO and other exchange offer documents filed by Johnson & Johnson or Kenvue, as applicable, with the SEC.
Such uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements included herein are made as of the date hereof, and neither Johnson & Johnson nor Kenvue undertakes any obligation to update publicly such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws.
Investors should not put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
 Additional Information and Where to Find It
This communication is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to sell or exchange, a solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange any securities and a recommendation as to whether investors should participate in the exchange offer.
Kenvue has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”), including the Prospectus forming a part thereof, and Johnson & Johnson has filed with the SEC a Schedule TO, which more fully describes the terms and conditions of the exchange offer.
The exchange offer will be made solely by the Prospectus.
The Prospectus contains important information about the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson, Kenvue and related matters, and Johnson & Johnson will deliver the Prospectus to holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock.
INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROSPECTUS, AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC, WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE AND BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT DECISION, BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION.
None of Johnson & Johnson, Kenvue or any of their respective directors or officers or the dealer managers appointed with respect to the exchange offer makes any recommendation as to whether you should participate in the exchange offer.
 Holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock may obtain copies of the Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Schedule TO and other related documents, and any other information that Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue file electronically with the SEC free of charge at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.
Holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock will also be able to obtain a copy of the Prospectus by clicking on the appropriate link on http://www.JNJSeparation.com.
 Johnson & Johnson has retained Georgeson LLC as the information agent for the exchange offer.
To obtain copies of the exchange offer Prospectus and related documents, or for questions about the terms of the exchange offer or how to participate, you may contact the information agent at 1-866-695-6074 (toll-free for stockholders, banks and brokers) or +1-781-575-2137 (all others outside the United States).
 Investor Relations:
Jessica Moore
investor-relations@its.jnj.com, Media Relations:
Jake Sargent
media-relations@its.jnj.com, Do not sell or share my personal information
Limit the use of my sensitive personal information, © Johnson & Johnson and its affiliates 2026NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J.
 August 23, 2023 – Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) today announced the final results of its previously announced offer to its shareholders to exchange their shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock for shares of Kenvue Inc.
(NYSE: KVUE) (“Kenvue”) common stock owned by Johnson & Johnson.
The exchange offer expired at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, at the end of the day on August 18, 2023.
 Pursuant to the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson has accepted 190,955,436 shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock in exchange for 1,533,830,450 shares of Kenvue common stock.
 Because the exchange offer was oversubscribed, Johnson & Johnson accepted only a portion of the shares of its common stock that were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn, on a pro rata basis in proportion to the number of shares tendered.
Shareholders who owned fewer than 100 shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock, or an “odd-lot,” who validly tendered all of their shares, were not subject to proration, in accordance with the terms of the exchange offer.
All shares validly tendered by eligible “odd-lot” shareholders were accepted.
The final proration factor of 23.231832% was applied to all other validly tendered shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock to determine the number of such shares that were accepted.
Following completion of the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson retains approximately 9.5% of the outstanding shares of Kenvue common stock.
 “Johnson & Johnson’s exclusive focus on transformational Pharmaceutical and MedTech solutions enables us to innovate across the full spectrum of healthcare in ways that no other company can,” said Joaquin Duato, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson.
“We are proud of the hard work that has led us to this historic milestone which brings significant value to shareholders and positions Johnson & Johnson to be even more agile, focused and competitive.”, Based on the final count by the exchange agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A.
 the final results of the exchange offer are as follows:, Shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock tendered but not accepted for exchange will be returned to the tendering shareholders in book-entry form promptly.
In addition, the exchange agent will promptly credit shares of Kenvue common stock for distribution in the exchange offer in book-entry form to accounts maintained by the Kenvue transfer agent for tendering shareholders whose shares of Johnson & Johnson common stock were accepted in the exchange offer.
Checks in lieu of fractional shares of Kenvue common stock will be delivered after the exchange agent has aggregated all fractional shares and sold them in the open market.
 Goldman Sachs & Co.
LLC and J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC served as dealer managers for the exchange offer.
 Johnson & Johnson to Provide Post-Separation Financials
As previously communicated, Johnson & Johnson will provide updated financials and 2023 guidance that will reflect operations as a two-sector company dedicated to Pharmaceutical and MedTech innovation, as well as its updated outstanding share count.
The Company will provide this updated financial information via press release which will be available for investors at approximately 6:45 a.m.
(Eastern Time) on Wednesday, August 30, 2023.
 About Johnson & Johnson
At Johnson & Johnson, we believe good health is the foundation of vibrant lives, thriving communities and forward progress.
That’s why for more than 135 years, we have aimed to keep people well at every age and every stage of life.
Today, as the world’s largest, most diversified healthcare products company, we are committed to using our reach and size for good.
We strive to improve access and affordability, create healthier communities, and put a healthy mind, body and environment within reach of everyone, everywhere.
We are blending our heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity.
 Forward Looking Statements
This communication contains certain statements about Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue that are forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions regarding Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s respective businesses, the economy and other future conditions.
In addition, the forward-looking statements contained in this communication may include statements about the expected effects on Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue of the exchange offer, the anticipated timing and benefits of the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s anticipated financial results, and all other statements in this communication that are not historical facts.
 Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and are detailed more fully in Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s respective periodic reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), the Registration Statement referred to below, including the Prospectus forming a part thereof, the Schedule TO and other exchange offer documents filed by Johnson & Johnson or Kenvue, as applicable, with the SEC.
Such uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements included herein are made as of the date hereof, and neither Johnson & Johnson nor Kenvue undertakes any obligation to update publicly such statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws.
Investors should not put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
 Additional Information and Where to Find It
This communication is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to sell or exchange, a solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange any securities and a recommendation as to whether investors should participate in the exchange offer.
Kenvue has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”), including the Prospectus forming a part thereof, and Johnson & Johnson has filed with the SEC a Schedule TO, which more fully describes the terms and conditions of the exchange offer.
INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROSPECTUS, AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC, WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE AND BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT DECISION, BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION.
None of Johnson & Johnson, Kenvue or any of their respective directors or officers or the dealer managers appointed with respect to the exchange offer makes any recommendation as to whether you should participate in the exchange offer.
 Holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock may obtain copies of the Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Schedule TO and other related documents, and any other information that Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue file electronically with the SEC free of charge at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.
Holders of Johnson & Johnson common stock will also be able to obtain a copy of the Prospectus by clicking on the appropriate link on http://www.JNJSeparation.com.
 Johnson & Johnson has retained Georgeson LLC as the information agent for the exchange offer.
To obtain copies of the exchange offer Prospectus and related documents, or for questions about the terms of the exchange offer, you may contact the information agent at 1-866-695-6074 (toll-free for stockholders, banks and brokers) or +1-781-575-2137 (all others outside the United States).
 Investor Relations:
Jessica Moore
investor-relations@its.jnj.com, Media Relations:
Jake Sargent
media-relations@its.jnj.com, Do not sell or share my personal information
Limit the use of my sensitive personal information, © Johnson & Johnson and its affiliates 2026SUMMIT, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Kenvue Inc.
(NYSE: KVUE) today announced financial results for the first quarter ended March 30, 2025.
 “In Q1, our teams executed our plans while continuing to navigate an evolving macro and consumer environment,” said Thibaut Mongon, Chief Executive Officer.
“We are committed and focused on activating our brands while staying agile and flexible to accelerate sustainable profitable growth.”, First Quarter Summary, First Quarter 2025 Financial Results, Net Sales and Organic Sales, First quarter 2025 Net sales decreased 3.9% vs the prior year period, reflecting Organic sales decline of 1.2% and foreign currency headwind of 2.7%.
Organic sales decline was driven by unfavorable value realization of 0.3%, reflecting planned strategic price investments, and 0.9% volume decline.
 Gross Profit Margin and Operating Income Margin, First quarter 2025 Gross profit margin expanded 40 basis points to 58.0% from 57.6% in the prior year period, as Separation-related costs (as defined below) and amortization of intangible assets decreased year-over-year.
Adjusted gross profit margin declined 20 basis points to 60.0% from 60.2% in the prior year period.
The year-over-year change in both measures reflects the impact from productivity gains attributable to our global supply chain optimization initiatives, which were offset by volume deleveraging, foreign exchange and inflationary headwinds, as well as strategic price investment.
 First quarter 2025 Operating income margin was 14.9% vs 14.1% in the prior year period, with the prior year figure impacted by non-cash charges related to asset impairment.
First quarter 2025 Adjusted operating income margin was 19.8% vs 22.0% in the prior year period.
The year-over-year changes in Operating income margin and Adjusted operating income margin reflect the year-over-year change in Gross profit margin and Adjusted gross profit margin, respectively, as well as an increase in brand investment, which more than offset the benefit from savings from Our Vue Forward.
 Interest Expense, Net and Taxes, First quarter 2025 Interest expense, net was $94 million vs $95 million in the prior year period.
 First quarter Effective tax rate was 29.7% vs 30.7% in the prior year period.
The Adjusted effective tax rate1 was 27.5% vs 28.3% in the prior year period.
 Net Income Per Share (“Earnings Per Share”), First quarter 2025 Diluted earnings per share were $0.17 vs $0.15 in the prior year period and Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.24 vs $0.28 in the prior year period.
 2025 Outlook, Kenvue updated its outlook for Full Year 2025 to reflect current foreign exchange rates, as well as the estimated impact from higher costs due to tariffs in place as of May 7, 2025.
The Company expects:, The Company is working to reduce the financial impact of tariffs through a number of mitigation actions.
 Kenvue is not able to provide the most directly comparable GAAP measures or reconcile Adjusted operating income margin or Adjusted diluted earnings per share to comparable GAAP measures on a forward-looking basis without unreasonable efforts given the unpredictability of the timing and amounts of discrete items such as foreign exchange, acquisitions, or divestitures.
 In a separate press release this morning, the Company announced a Chief Financial Officer transition effective May 12, 2025.
Additional details regarding this transition can be found at investors.kenvue.com.
 Webcast Information, Kenvue will host a conference call with investors to discuss its first quarter results on Thursday, May 8, 2025 at 8:00 a.m.
Eastern Time.
The conference call can be accessed by dialing 877-407-8835 from the U.S.
or +1 201-689-8779 from international locations.
A live webcast of the conference call can also be accessed at investors.kenvue.com, with a replay made available after the live event.
 About Kenvue, Kenvue Inc.
is the world’s largest pure-play consumer health company by revenue.
Built on more than a century of heritage, our iconic brands, including Aveeno®, BAND-AID® Brand, Johnson’s®, Listerine®, Neutrogena®, and Tylenol®, are science-backed and recommended by healthcare professionals around the world.
At Kenvue, we realize the extraordinary power of everyday care.
Our teams work every day to put that power in consumers’ hands and earn a place in their hearts and homes.
Learn more at kenvue.com.
 1Non-GAAP Financial Measures, The Company uses certain non-GAAP financial measures to supplement the financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S.
GAAP.
There are limitations to the use of the non-GAAP financial measures presented herein.
These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with U.S.
GAAP nor do they have any standardized meaning under U.S.
GAAP.
In addition, other companies may use similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures that are calculated differently from the way the Company calculates such measures.
Accordingly, the non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to such similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies.
The Company cautions you not to place undue reliance on these non-GAAP financial measures, but instead to consider them with the most directly comparable U.S.
GAAP measure.
These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation.
These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered supplements to, not substitutes for, or superior to, the corresponding financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S.
GAAP.
 The Company believes the presentation of these measures is relevant and useful for investors because it allows investors to view performance in a manner similar to the method used by management.
The Company believes these measures help improve investors’ ability to understand the Company’s operating performance and makes it easier to compare the Company’s results with other companies.
In addition, the Company believes these measures are also among the primary measures used externally by the Company’s investors, analysts, and peers in its industry for purposes of valuation and comparing the operating performance of the Company to other companies in our industry.
 Below are definitions and the reconciliation to the most closely related GAAP measures for the non-GAAP measures used in this press release and the related prepared materials and webcast.
 Adjusted diluted earnings per share: We define Adjusted diluted earnings per share as Adjusted net income divided by the weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding.
Management views this non-GAAP measure as useful to investors as it provides a supplemental measure of the Company’s performance over time.
 Adjusted EBITDA margin: We define EBITDA as U.S.
GAAP Net income adjusted for interest, provision for taxes, and depreciation and amortization.
We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA adjusted for restructuring expenses and operating model optimization initiatives, costs incurred in connection with our establishment as a standalone public company (“Separation-related costs”), conversion of stock-based awards, stock-based awards granted to individuals employed by Kenvue as of October 2, 2023 (“Founder Shares”), impairment charges, the impact of the deferred transfer of certain assets and liabilities from Johnson & Johnson in certain jurisdictions (the “Deferred Markets”), and losses on investments.
We define Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of U.S.
GAAP Net sales.
Management believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors as it provides a supplemental perspective to the Company’s operating efficiency over time.
 Adjusted effective tax rate: We define Adjusted effective tax rate as U.S.
GAAP Effective tax rate adjusted for the tax effects on special item adjustments including amortization of intangible assets, restructuring expenses and operating model optimization initiatives, Separation-related costs, conversion of stock-based awards, Founder Shares, impairment charges, and losses on investments.
We also exclude taxes related to the Deferred Markets.
Management believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors as it provides a supplemental measure of the Company’s performance over time.
 Adjusted gross profit margin: We define Adjusted gross profit margin (also referred to as “Adjusted gross margin”) as U.S.
GAAP Gross profit margin adjusted for amortization of intangible assets, Separation-related costs, conversion of stock-based awards, Founder Shares, and operating model optimization initiatives.
Management believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors as it provides a supplemental perspective to the Company’s operating efficiency over time.
 Adjusted net income: We define Adjusted net income as U.S.
GAAP Net income adjusted for amortization of intangible assets, restructuring expenses and operating model optimization initiatives, Separation-related costs, conversion of stock-based awards, Founder Shares, impairment charges, the impact of the Deferred Markets, losses on investments, and their related tax impacts (i.e.
special items).
Adjusted net income excludes the impact of items that may obscure trends in our underlying performance.
Management believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors as the Company uses Adjusted net income for strategic decision making, forecasting future results, and evaluating current performance.
 Adjusted operating income: We define Adjusted operating income as U.S.
GAAP Operating income adjusted for amortization of intangible assets, restructuring expenses and operating model optimization initiatives, Separation-related costs, conversion of stock-based awards, Founder Shares, impairment charges, and the impact of the Deferred Markets.
Management believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors as management uses Adjusted operating income to assess the Company’s financial performance.
 Adjusted operating income margin: We define Adjusted operating income margin (also referred to as “Adjusted operating margin”) as Adjusted operating income as a percentage of U.S.
GAAP Net sales.
Management believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors as it provides a supplemental perspective to the Company’s operating efficiency over time.
 Free cash flow: We define Free cash flow as U.S.
GAAP Net cash flows from operating activities adjusted for Purchases of property, plant, and equipment.
Management believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors as it provides a view of the Company’s liquidity after deducting capital expenditures, which are considered a necessary component of our ongoing operations.
 Organic sales: We define Organic sales as U.S.
GAAP Net sales excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the impact of acquisitions and divestitures.
We report changes in Organic sales on a period-over-period basis.
Management believes reporting period-over-period changes in Organic sales provides investors with additional, supplemental information that is useful in assessing the Company’s results of operations by excluding the impact of certain items that we believe do not directly reflect our underlying operations.
 Cautions Concerning Forward-Looking Statements, This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding, among other things, statements about management’s expectations of Kenvue’s future operating and financial performance, product development, market position, and business strategy.
Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “plans,” “expects,” “will,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” and other words of similar meaning.
The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements.
These statements are based on current expectations of future events.
If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of Kenvue and its affiliates.
Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the inability to execute on Kenvue’s business development strategy; inflation and other economic factors, such as interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations, as well as existing or proposed tariffs and other constraints on trade both in the U.S.
and in foreign markets; the ability to successfully manage local, regional, or global economic volatility, including reduced market growth rates, and to generate sufficient income and cash flow to allow Kenvue to effect any expected share repurchases and dividend payments; Kenvue’s ability to maintain satisfactory credit ratings and access capital markets, which could adversely affect its liquidity, capital position, and borrowing costs; competition, including technological advances, new products, and intellectual property attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product research and development; uncertainty of commercial success for new and existing products and digital capabilities; challenges to intellectual property protections including counterfeiting; the ability of Kenvue to successfully execute strategic plans, including Our Vue Forward and other restructuring or cost-saving initiatives; the impact of business combinations and divestitures, including any ongoing or future transactions; manufacturing difficulties or delays, internally or within the supply chain; product efficacy or safety concerns resulting in product recalls or regulatory action; significant adverse litigation or government action, including related to product liability claims; changes to applicable laws and regulations and other requirements imposed by stakeholders; changes in behavior and spending patterns of consumers; natural disasters, acts of war, or terrorism, catastrophes, or epidemics, pandemics, or other disease outbreaks; financial instability of international economies and legal systems and sovereign risk; the inability to realize the benefits of the separation from Kenvue’s former parent, Johnson & Johnson; and the risk of disruption or unanticipated costs in connection with the separation.
A further list and descriptions of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors can be found in Kenvue’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings, available at kenvue.com or on request from Kenvue.
Any forward-looking statement made in this release speaks only as of the date of this release.
Kenvue undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or developments or otherwise.
 Kenvue Inc.
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (Unaudited; Dollars In Millions, Except Per Share Data; Shares In Millions),  , Fiscal Three Months Ended,  , March 30, 2025,  , March 31, 2024, Net sales, $, 3,741,  , $, 3,894, Cost of sales,  , 1,573,  ,  , 1,652, Gross profit,  , 2,168,  ,  , 2,242, Selling, general and administrative expenses,  , 1,537,  ,  , 1,573, Restructuring expenses,  , 60,  ,  , 41, Impairment charges,  , —,  ,  , 68, Other operating expense, net,  , 13,  ,  , 10, Operating income,  , 558,  ,  , 550, Other expense, net,  , 6,  ,  , 28, Interest expense, net,  , 94,  ,  , 95, Income before taxes,  , 458,  ,  , 427, Provision for taxes,  , 136,  ,  , 131, Net income, $, 322,  , $, 296,  ,  ,  ,  , Net income per share,  ,  ,  , Basic, $, 0.17,  , $, 0.15, Diluted, $, 0.17,  , $, 0.15, Weighted-average number of shares outstanding,  ,  ,  , Basic,  , 1,914,  ,  , 1,915, Diluted,  , 1,925,  ,  , 1,920, Organic Sales Change, The following table presents a reconciliation of the change in Net sales, as reported, to the change in Organic sales, a non-GAAP Measure for the periods presented:,  , Fiscal Three Months Ended March 30, 2025 vs March 31, 2024, (Unaudited), Reported Net
sales change,  , Impact of foreign
currency,  , Acquisitions and
divestitures,  , Organic sales change,  ,  ,  , Total Organic
sales change,  , Price/Mix(1),  , Volume, Self Care, (1.8, )%,  , (2.1, )%,  , —, %,  , 0.3, %,  , 0.3, %,  , —, %, Skin Health and Beauty, (7.3, ),  , (2.3, ),  , (0.2, ),  , (4.8, ),  , (1.9, ),  , (2.9, ), Essential Health, (3.9, ),  , (3.9, ),  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , 0.1,  ,  , (0.1, ), Total, (3.9, )%,  , (2.7, )%,  , —, %,  , (1.2, )%,  , (0.3, )%,  , (0.9, )%, (1) Price/Mix reflects value realization.
 Total Segment Net Sales and Adjusted Operating Income, Segment Net sales for the periods presented were as follows:,  ,  , Net Sales,  ,  , Fiscal Three Months Ended, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions),  , March 30, 2025,  , March 31, 2024, Self Care,  , $, 1,667,  , $, 1,698, Skin Health and Beauty,  ,  , 977,  ,  , 1,054, Essential Health,  ,  , 1,097,  ,  , 1,142, Total segment net sales,  , $, 3,741,  , $, 3,894, Segment Adjusted operating income for the periods presented was as follows:,  ,  , Adjusted Operating Income,  ,  , Fiscal Three Months Ended, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions),  , March 30, 2025,  , March 31, 2024, Self Care Adjusted operating income,  , $, 566,  ,  , $, 601,  , Skin Health and Beauty Adjusted operating income,  ,  , 92,  ,  ,  , 146,  , Essential Health Adjusted operating income,  ,  , 239,  ,  ,  , 264,  , Total(1),  , $, 897,  ,  , $, 1,011,  , Reconciliation to Adjusted operating income (non-GAAP):,  ,  ,  ,  , Depreciation(2),  ,  , 73,  ,  ,  , 75,  , General corporate/unallocated expenses,  ,  , 79,  ,  ,  , 87,  , Other operating expense, net,  ,  , 13,  ,  ,  , 10,  , Other—impact of Deferred Markets,  ,  , (9, ),  ,  , (16, ), Adjusted operating income (non-GAAP),  , $, 741,  ,  , $, 855,  , Reconciliation to Income before taxes:,  ,  ,  ,  , Amortization of intangible assets(3),  ,  , 63,  ,  ,  , 74,  , Separation-related costs(4),  ,  , 38,  ,  ,  , 67,  , Restructuring expenses and operating model optimization initiatives(5),  ,  , 67,  ,  ,  , 50,  , Conversion of stock-based awards,  ,  , 3,  ,  ,  , 22,  , Other—impact of Deferred Markets,  ,  , 9,  ,  ,  , 16,  , Founder Shares,  ,  , 3,  ,  ,  , 8,  , Impairment charges(6),  ,  , —,  ,  ,  , 68,  , Operating income,  , $, 558,  ,  , $, 550,  , Other expense, net,  ,  , 6,  ,  ,  , 28,  , Interest expense, net,  ,  , 94,  ,  ,  , 95,  , Income before taxes,  , $, 458,  ,  , $, 427,  , (1),  , Effective in the fiscal three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company adjusted the allocation for certain Research and development costs within Selling, general, and administrative expenses to align with segment financial results as measured by the Company, including the chief operating decision maker.
Accordingly, the Company has updated its segment disclosures to reflect the updated presentation in all prior periods.
Total Adjusted operating income did not change as a result of this update.
 (2),  , Depreciation consists of depreciation of property, plant, and equipment and amortization of integration and development costs capitalized in connection with cloud computing arrangements.
 (3),  , Relates to the amortization of definite-lived intangible assets (primarily trademarks, trade names, and customers lists) over their estimated useful lives.
 (4),  , Separation-related costs relate to non-recurring costs incurred in connection with our establishment of Kenvue as a standalone public company.
Separation-related costs are composed of the following:,  , Fiscal Three Months Ended, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions),  , March 30, 2025,  , March 31, 2024, Information technology and other,  , $, 33,  , $, 60, Legal entity name change,  ,  , 5,  ,  , 7, Total Separation-related costs,  , $, 38,  , $, 67, Information technology and other costs primarily relates to the disentanglement of systems and the costs associated with the discontinuation of certain information technology assets.
We expect the Separation-related costs will continue through approximately the first half of fiscal year 2025.
 (5), Restructuring expenses and operating model optimization initiatives, which relate to the 2024 Multi-Year Restructuring Initiative, are composed of the following:,  , Fiscal Three Months Ended, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions),  , March 30, 2025,  , March 31, 2024, Employee-related costs (one-time severance and other termination benefits),  , $, 25,  , $, 35, Information technology and project-related costs,  ,  , 40,  ,  , 13, Other implementation costs,  ,  , 2,  ,  , 2, Total Restructuring expenses and operating model optimization initiatives,  , $, 67,  , $, 50, (6), Impairment charges for the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024 relate to the impact of a $68 million non-cash impairment charge recorded on the held for sale asset associated with the Company’s former corporate headquarters in Skillman, New Jersey.
 Non-GAAP Financial Information, The following tables present reconciliations of GAAP to Non-GAAP for the periods presented:,  ,  , Fiscal Three Months Ended March 30, 2025, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions),  , As Reported,  ,  ,  , Adjustments,  , Reference,  ,  ,  , As Adjusted, Net sales,  , $, 3,741,  ,  ,  ,  , —,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , $, 3,741,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , Gross profit,  , $, 2,168,  ,  ,  ,  , 77,  , (a),  ,  ,  , $, 2,245,  , Gross profit margin,  ,  , 58.0, %,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , 60.0, %,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , Operating income,  , $, 558,  ,  ,  ,  , 183,  , (a)-(c),  ,  ,  , $, 741,  , Operating income margin,  ,  , 14.9, %,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , 19.8, %,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , Net income,  , $, 322,  ,  ,  ,  , 143,  , (a)-(d),  ,  ,  , $, 465,  , Net income margin,  ,  , 8.6, %,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , 12.4, %, Interest expense, net,  , $, 94,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , Provision for taxes,  , $, 136,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , Depreciation and amortization,  , $, 136,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , EBITDA (non-GAAP),  , $, 688,  ,  ,  ,  , 120,  , (b)-(c), (e),  ,  ,  , $, 808,  , EBITDA margin (non-GAAP),  ,  , 18.4, %,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , 21.6, %, Detail of Adjustments,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , Cost of sales,  , SG&A/Restructuring
expenses,  , Other operating
expense, net,  , Provision for
taxes,  , Total, Amortization of intangible assets(1),  , $, 63,  , $, —,  , $, —,  , $, —,  ,  , $, 63,  , Restructuring expenses(2),  ,  , —,  ,  , 60,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  ,  , 60,  , Operating model optimization initiatives(2),  ,  , 6,  ,  , 1,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  ,  , 7,  , Separation-related costs (including conversion of stock-based awards and Founder Shares)(3),  ,  , 8,  ,  , 36,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  ,  , 44,  , Impact of Deferred Markets—minority interest expense,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , 4,  ,  , —,  ,  ,  , 4,  , Impact of Deferred Markets—provision for taxes,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , 5,  ,  , (5, ),  ,  , —,  , Tax impact on special item adjustments,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , (35, ),  ,  , (35, ), Total,  , $, 77,  , $, 97,  , $, 9,  , $, (40, ),  , $, 143,  ,  ,  , (a),  , (b),  , (c),  , (d),  ,  , Cost of sales less amortization,  , $, 14,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , (e),  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , Fiscal Three Months Ended March 31, 2024, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions),  , As Reported,  ,  ,  , Adjustments,  , Reference,  ,  ,  , As Adjusted, Net sales,  , $, 3,894,  ,  ,  ,  , —,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , $, 3,894,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , Gross profit,  , $, 2,242,  ,  ,  ,  , 103,  , (a),  ,  ,  , $, 2,345,  , Gross profit margin,  ,  , 57.6, %,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , 60.2, %,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , Operating income,  , $, 550,  ,  ,  ,  , 305,  , (a)-(d),  ,  ,  , $, 855,  , Operating income margin,  ,  , 14.1, %,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , 22.0, %,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , Net income,  , $, 296,  ,  ,  ,  , 251,  , (a)-(f),  ,  ,  , $, 547,  , Net income margin,  ,  , 7.6, %,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , 14.0, %, Interest expense, net,  , $, 95,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , Provision for taxes,  , $, 131,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , Depreciation and amortization,  , $, 149,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , EBITDA (non-GAAP),  , $, 671,  ,  ,  ,  , 262,  , (b)-(e), (g),  ,  ,  , $, 933,  , EBITDA margin (non-GAAP),  ,  , 17.2, %,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , 24.0, %, Detail of Adjustments,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , Cost of
sales,  , SG&A/Restructuring
expenses,  , Impairment
charges,  , Other
operating
expense, net,  , Other
expense,
net,  , Provision
for taxes,  , Total, Amortization of intangible assets(1),  , $, 74,  , $, —,  , $, —,  , $, —,  , $, —,  , $, —,  ,  , $, 74,  , Restructuring expenses(2),  ,  , —,  ,  , 41,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  ,  , 41,  , Operating model optimization initiatives(2),  ,  , 6,  ,  , 3,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  ,  , 9,  , Separation-related costs (including conversion of stock-based awards and Founder Shares)(3),  ,  , 23,  ,  , 74,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  ,  , 97,  , Impairment charges(4),  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , 68,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  ,  , 68,  , Impact of Deferred Markets—minority interest expense,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , 7,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  ,  , 7,  , Impact of Deferred Markets—provision for taxes,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , 9,  ,  , —,  ,  , (9, ),  ,  , —,  , Losses on investments(5),  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , 31,  ,  , —,  ,  ,  , 31,  , Tax impact on special item adjustments,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , —,  ,  , (76, ),  ,  , (76, ), Total,  , $, 103,  , $, 118,  , $, 68,  , $, 16,  , $, 31,  , $, (85, ),  , $, 251,  ,  ,  , (a),  , (b),  , (c),  , (d),  , (e),  , (f),  ,  , Cost of sales less amortization,  , $, 29,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , (g),  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , (1),  , Relates to the amortization of definite-lived intangible assets (primarily trademarks, trade names, and customers lists) over their estimated useful lives.
 (2),  , Restructuring expenses and operating model optimization initiatives, which relate to the 2024 Multi-Year Restructuring Initiative, are composed of the following:,  ,  , Fiscal Three Months Ended, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions),  , March 30, 2025,  , March 31, 2024, Employee-related costs (one-time severance and other termination benefits),  , $, 25,  , $, 35, Information technology and project-related costs,  ,  , 40,  ,  , 13, Other implementation costs,  ,  , 2,  ,  , 2, Total Restructuring expenses and operating model optimization initiatives,  , $, 67,  , $, 50, (3), Separation-related costs relate to non-recurring costs incurred in connection with our establishment of Kenvue as a standalone public company.
Separation-related costs, including the impact of the conversion of stock-based compensation awards and the incremental stock-based compensation from the issuance of the Founder Shares, are composed of the following:,  , Fiscal Three Months Ended, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions),  , March 30, 2025,  , March 31, 2024, Information technology and other,  , $, 33,  , $, 60, Legal entity name change,  ,  , 5,  ,  , 7, Separation-related costs,  , $, 38,  , $, 67, Conversion of stock-based awards,  ,  , 3,  ,  , 22, Founder Shares,  ,  , 3,  ,  , 8, Total,  , $, 44,  , $, 97,  ,  , Information technology and other costs primarily relates to the disentanglement of systems and the costs associated with the discontinuation of certain information technology assets.
We expect the Separation-related costs will continue through approximately the first half of fiscal year 2025.
 (4), Impairment charges for the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024 relate to the impact of a $68 million non-cash impairment charge recorded on the held for sale asset associated with the Company’s former corporate headquarters in Skillman, New Jersey.
 (5), Relates to impairment charges incurred to write off a portion of the Company’s equity investment balance.
 The following table presents reconciliations of the Effective tax rate, as reported, to Adjusted effective tax rate for the periods presented:,  ,  , Fiscal Three Months Ended, (Unaudited),  , March 30, 2025,  , March 31, 2024, Effective tax rate,  , 29.7, %,  , 30.7, %, Adjustments:,  ,  ,  ,  , Tax-effect on special item adjustments,  , (2.4, ),  , (3.1, ), Taxes related to Deferred Markets,  , 0.2,  ,  , 0.7,  , Adjusted Effective tax rate (non-GAAP),  , 27.5, %,  , 28.3, %, The following table presents a reconciliation of Effective tax rate, as forecasted on a U.S.
GAAP basis, to forecasted Adjusted effective tax rate for fiscal year 2025:,  ,  , Fiscal Year 2025, (Unaudited),  , Forecast, Effective tax rate,  , 28.5% - 29.5%, Adjustments:,  ,  , Tax-effect on special item adjustments,  , (3.2), Taxes related to Deferred Markets,  , 0.2, Adjusted Effective tax rate (non-GAAP),  , 25.5% - 26.5%, The following table presents a reconciliation of Diluted earnings per share, as reported, to Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the periods presented:,  ,  , Fiscal Three Months Ended, (Unaudited),  , March 30, 2025,  , March 31, 2024, Diluted earnings per share,  , $, 0.17,  ,  , $, 0.15,  , Adjustments:,  ,  ,  ,  , Separation-related costs,  ,  , 0.02,  ,  ,  , 0.03,  , Restructuring expenses and operating model optimization initiatives,  ,  , 0.03,  ,  ,  , 0.03,  , Impairment charges,  ,  , —,  ,  ,  , 0.04,  , Amortization of intangible assets,  ,  , 0.03,  ,  ,  , 0.04,  , Losses on investments,  ,  , —,  ,  ,  , 0.02,  , Tax impact on special item adjustments,  ,  , (0.02, ),  ,  , (0.04, ), Other,  ,  , 0.01,  ,  ,  , 0.01,  , Adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-GAAP),  , $, 0.24,  ,  , $, 0.28,  , The following table presents a reconciliation of Net cash flows from operating activities, as reported, and Purchases of property, plant, and equipment, as reported, to Free cash flow for the periods presented:,  ,  , Fiscal Three Months Ended, (Unaudited; Dollars in Billions),  , March 30, 2025,  , March 31, 2024, Net cash flows from operating activities,  , $, 0.4,  ,  , $, 0.3,  , Purchases of property, plant, and equipment,  ,  , (0.2, ),  ,  , (0.2, ), Free cash flow (non-GAAP),  , $, 0.2,  ,  , $, 0.1,  , Other Supplemental Financial Information, The following table presents the Company’s Net sales by geographic region for the periods presented:,  ,  , Fiscal Three Months Ended, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions),  , March 30, 2025,  , March 31, 2024, Net sales by geographic region,  ,  ,  ,  , North America,  , $, 1,857,  , $, 1,873, Europe, Middle East, and Africa,  ,  , 884,  ,  , 905, Asia Pacific,  ,  , 694,  ,  , 766, Latin America,  ,  , 306,  ,  , 350, Total Net sales by geographic region,  , $, 3,741,  , $, 3,894, The following table presents the Company’s Research and development expenses for the periods presented.
Research and development expenses are included within Selling, general, and administrative expenses.
  ,  , Fiscal Three Months Ended, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions),  , March 30, 2025,  , March 31, 2024, Research & Development,  , $, 99,  , $, 100, The following table presents the Company’s Cash and cash equivalents, Total debt, and Net debt balance as of the periods presented:, (Unaudited; Dollars in Billions),  , March 30, 2025,  , December 29, 2024, Cash and cash equivalents,  , $, 1.1,  ,  , $, 1.1,  , Total debt,  ,  , (8.7, ),  ,  , (8.6, ), Net debt,  , $, (7.7, ),  , $, (7.5, ), Note: Numbers may not foot due to rounding,  , Investor Relations:
Sofya Tsinis
Kenvue_IR@kenvue.com, Media Relations:
Melissa Witt
media@kenvue.com, Send Kenvue Inc.
Investor relations an email at,
Kenvue_IR@kenvue.com, This site is governed solely by applicable U.S.
laws and governmental regulations.
Please see our Privacy Policy.
Use of this site constitutes your consent to application of such laws and regulations and to our Privacy Policy.
Your use of the information on this site is subject to our Terms of Service in the Legal Notice.
You should view the Media section in order to receive the most current information made available by Kenvue.
Contact Us with any questions or search this site for more information.Trailing total returns as of 1/9/2026, which may include dividends or other distributions.
Benchmark is
S&P 500 (^GSPC)
.
 Q4, FY24, Q1, FY25, Q2, FY25, Q3, FY25, Market Cap, 32.55B, Enterprise Value, 40.52B, Trailing P/E, 22.65, Forward P/E, 15.41, PEG Ratio (5yr expected), 0.87, Price/Sales (ttm), 2.18, Price/Book (mrq), 3.06, Enterprise Value/Revenue, 2.70, Enterprise Value/EBITDA, 13.90, Profit Margin, 9.55%, Return on Assets (ttm), 6.86%, Return on Equity (ttm), 13.47%, Revenue (ttm), 15.01B, Net Income Avi to Common (ttm), 1.43B, Diluted EPS (ttm), 0.75, Total Cash (mrq), 1.14B, Total Debt/Equity (mrq), 85.66%, Levered Free Cash Flow (ttm), 1.75B, Select to analyze similar companies using key performance metrics; select up to 4 stocks.Kenvue Inc.
is an American consumer health company.
Formerly the Consumer Healthcare division of Johnson & Johnson,[3] Kenvue owns well-known brands such as Aveeno,[4] Band-Aid,[5] Benadryl, Combantrin, Zyrtec,[6] Johnsons,[7] Listerine, Lactaid,[8] Mylanta, Neutrogena,[4] Trosyd, Calpol, Tylenol,[8] and Visine.
Kenvue is incorporated in Delaware[1] and was originally headquartered in the Skillman section of Montgomery Township, New Jersey, before relocating to Summit, New Jersey.[9], Johnson & Johnson announced in November 2021 that it would spin off its consumer health division as a separate company.
The new company was named Kenvue in September 2022, and its initial public offering took place in May 2023, raising $3.8 billion in the largest U.S.
IPO since 2021, with an initial valuation of about $41 billion.
Johnson & Johnson initially retained more than 90% ownership before completing a full separation through a share exchange in July 2023.
Kenvue was subsequently added to the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats index.
 Kenvue employed about 22,200 people in 2022 and was first led by CEO Thibaut Mongon.
Following Mongon’s termination in 2025, Kirk Perry was named interim CEO.
In November 2025, Perry was named as the permanent CEO.
[10], The company has also faced controversy, including a securities class action filed in 2023 alleging misleading disclosures regarding risks related to phenylephrine, which led to its stock trading below IPO levels.
 On November 3, 2025, Kimberly-Clark announced that it was acquiring Kenvue for a total enterprise value of US$48.7 billion.
The acquisition is expected to close around the second half of 2026.[11], On November 12, 2021, Johnson & Johnson announced that it would spin off its consumer health division as a separate company, in an effort to streamline operations.[3] The new company would assume well-known consumer brands such as Aveeno, Band-Aid, Neutrogena, and Tylenol, while Johnson & Johnson would focus on the pharmaceutical and medical device sectors.[3] CEO Alex Gorsky said that the split was in response to a significant evolution in these markets, particularly on the consumer side,[3] and would enable faster expansion for both businesses.[12], Other pharmaceutical companies that made similar moves around this time included Merck & Co.
 which sold its consumer health business to Bayer in 2014,[note 1][3] and Pfizer, which merged its consumer health division with that of GSK plc in 2019.[note 2][12] The November 2021 announcement also occurred the same week that General Electric and Toshiba each announced that they would split into multiple entities.[12], The New York Times noted that Johnson & Johnson had long benefited from a halo effect, namely a lingering positive connotation ascribed to the company name stemming from its popular household brands such as Johnson\s Baby, but that its reputation had declined as a result of various controversies in recent years;[12] Johnson & Johnson was the subject of litigation over its role in the opioid epidemic in the United States, as well as over allegations that its talc-based baby powder contained asbestos and caused ovarian cancer for some consumers.[12] The spin-off was seen as an effort to move past these controversies and assuage shareholder apprehension.[12]SKILLMAN, N.J.
February 6, 2025 – Kenvue Inc.
(NYSE: KVUE), today announced financial results for the full year and fiscal fourth quarter ended December 29, 2024.
 “We delivered on our 2024 profit commitments despite headwinds that resulted in softer than expected sales growth and we enter 2025 as a more competitive company with stronger foundations,” said Thibaut Mongon, Chief Executive Officer.
“We remain focused on leveraging our increased brand investments to accelerate growth and deliver long-term value creation centered around profitable growth, durable cash flow generation, and disciplined capital allocation.”, Fourth Quarter 2024 Financial Results, Net Sales and Organic Sales, Fourth quarter Net sales decreased 0.1%, reflecting Organic sales1 growth of 1.7% and a foreign currency headwind of 1.8%.
Organic sales growth was driven by 1.0% value realization (price and mix) and 0.7% volume growth.
 Value realization was favorable across each segment and was primarily driven by price actions taken in 2024.
Volume growth in both Skin Health and Beauty and Self Care was partially offset by a decline in Essential Health.
In Self Care, weak incidences of cold, cough & flu led to a significant decline in the pediatric pain franchise.
In addition, go-to-market disruption in Asia Pacific impacted the Company’s results, with an outsized impact on Essential Health.
 Gross Profit Margin and Operating Income Margin, Fourth quarter Gross profit margin expanded 80 basis points to 56.5% from 55.7% in the prior year period, as Separation-related costs and amortization of intangible assets declined year-over-year.
Adjusted gross profit margin1 decreased 80 basis points to 58.7% from 59.5% in the prior year period, which included non-recurring separation related benefits.
The year-over-year change in both measures also reflects the impact from net input cost inflation and unfavorable mix, as well as the benefit from productivity gains and value realization.
 Fourth quarter Operating income margin was 13.2% vs 12.5% in the prior year period.
Fourth quarter Adjusted operating income margin1 was 19.2% vs 21.8% in the prior year period.
The year-over-year changes in Operating income margin and Adjusted operating income margin reflect the year-over-year change in Gross profit margin and Adjusted gross profit margin, respectively, as well as an increase in brand investment and the benefit from savings from Our Vue Forward.
 Interest Expense, Net and Taxes, Fourth quarter Interest expense, net was $95 million vs $96 million in the prior year period.
 The fourth quarter Effective tax rate was 15.3% vs 8.4% in the prior year period.
The Adjusted effective tax rate1 was 17.7% vs 15.8% in the prior year period.
Both measures were driven by changes to the jurisdictional mix of income and reduced benefits derived from the separation from our former parent company offset by remeasurement of the Company’s deferred taxes and the release of a valuation allowance.
 Net Income Per Share (“Earnings Per Share”), Fourth quarter Diluted earnings per share were $0.15 vs $0.17 in the prior year period and Adjusted diluted earnings per share1 were $0.26 vs $0.31 in the prior year period.
 Full Year 2024 Financial Results, Net Sales and Organic Sales, Full year 2024 Net sales increased 0.1%, reflecting Organic sales growth of 1.5% and foreign currency headwind of 1.4%.
Organic sales growth was driven by 2.7% value realization, partially offset by 1.2% volume decline.
 Value realization was favorable across each segment and was driven by a combination of carry-over pricing from 2023 and price actions taken in 2024.
The volume decline was driven by Skin Health and Beauty and Self Care, which offset slight volume growth in Essential Health.
 Gross Profit Margin and Operating Income Margin, Full year 2024 Gross profit margin expanded 200 basis points to 58.0% from 56.0% in the prior year period.
Adjusted gross profit margin also expanded 200 basis points to 60.4% from 58.4% in the prior year period.
The year-over-year improvement in both measures primarily reflects productivity gains attributable to our global supply chain efficiency initiatives and benefits from value realization.
 Full year 2024 Operating income margin was 11.9% vs 16.3% in the prior year period, with the current year figure impacted by non-cash charges related to asset impairments.
Full year 2024 Adjusted operating income margin was 21.5% vs 22.4% in the prior year period.
The year-over-year change in both measures reflects the impact of higher brand investment, which more than offset the benefit from Gross profit margin expansion and savings from Our Vue Forward.
 Interest Expense, Net and Taxes, Full year 2024 Interest expense, net was $378 million vs $250 million in the prior year period.
 Full year Effective tax rate was 27.2% vs 24.0% in the prior year period.
The Adjusted effective tax rate was 25.5% vs 23.4% in the prior year period.
Both measures were driven by changes to the jurisdictional mix of income and reduced benefits derived from the separation from our former parent company offset by remeasurement of the Company’s deferred taxes and the release of a valuation allowance.
 Net Income Per Share (“Earnings Per Share”), Full year 2024 Diluted earnings per share were $0.54 vs $0.90 in the prior year period and Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.14 vs $1.29 in the prior year period.
 2025 Outlook, “As Kenvue enters our next chapter, we expect to accelerate performance throughout the year, while navigating the dynamic external environment contemplated within our outlook,” said Paul Ruh, Chief Financial Officer.
“We expect to drive further productivity and operational efficiency gains, which will fund our planned increase in brand investments, positioning us to grow adjusted operating margin for the year.”, Based on current spot rates, Kenvue initiated the following outlook for Full year 2025.
The Company expects:, This outlook does not include any potential impacts from tariffs introduced in 2025.
 Kenvue is not able to provide the most directly comparable GAAP measures or reconcile Adjusted operating income margin or Adjusted diluted earnings per share to comparable GAAP measures on a forward-looking basis without unreasonable efforts given the unpredictability of the timing and amounts of discrete items such as foreign exchange, acquisitions, or divestitures.
 Webcast Information, As previously announced, Kenvue will host a conference call with investors to discuss its fourth quarter and full year results on Thursday, February 6, 2025 at 8:00 a.m.
Eastern Time.
The conference call can be accessed by dialing 877-407-8835 from the U.S.
or +1 201-689-8779 from international locations.
A live webcast of the conference call can also be accessed at investors.kenvue.com, with a replay made available after the live event.
 About Kenvue, Kenvue Inc.
is the world’s largest pure-play consumer health company by revenue.
Built on more than a century of heritage, our iconic brands, including Aveeno®, BAND-AID® Brand, Johnson’s®, Listerine®, Neutrogena®, and Tylenol®, are science-backed and recommended by healthcare professionals around the world.
At Kenvue, we believe in the extraordinary power of everyday care, and our teams work every day to put that power in consumers’ hands and earn a place in their hearts and homes.
Learn more at www.kenvue.com.
 1Non-GAAP Financial Measures, The Company uses certain non-GAAP financial measures to supplement the financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S.
GAAP.
There are limitations to the use of the non-GAAP financial measures presented herein.
These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with U.S.
GAAP nor do they have any standardized meaning under U.S.
GAAP.
In addition, other companies may use similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures that are calculated differently from the way the Company calculates such measures.
Accordingly, the non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to such similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies.
The Company cautions you not to place undue reliance on these non-GAAP financial measures, but instead to consider them with the most directly comparable U.S.
GAAP measure.
These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation.
These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered supplements to, not substitutes for, or superior to, the corresponding financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S.
GAAP.
 The Company believes the presentation of these measures is relevant and useful for investors because it allows investors to view performance in a manner similar to the method used by management.
The Company believes these measures help improve investors’ ability to understand the Company’s operating performance and makes it easier to compare the Company’s results with other companies.
In addition, the Company believes these measures are also among the primary measures used externally by the Company’s investors, analysts, and peers in its industry for purposes of valuation and comparing the operating performance of the Company to other companies in our industry.
 Below are definitions and the reconciliation to the most closely related GAAP measures for the non-GAAP measures used in this press release and the related prepared materials and webcast.
 Adjusted diluted earnings per share: We define Adjusted diluted earnings per share as Adjusted net income divided by the weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding.
Management views this non-GAAP measure as useful to investors as it provides a supplemental measure of the Company’s performance over time.
 Adjusted EBITDA margin: We define EBITDA as U.S.
GAAP Net income adjusted for interest, provision for taxes, and depreciation and amortization.
We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA adjusted for restructuring expenses and operating model optimization initiatives, costs incurred in connection with our establishment as a standalone public company (“Separation-related costs”), conversion of stock-based awards, stock-based awards granted to individuals employed by Kenvue as of October 2, 2023 (“Founder Shares”), impairment charges, the impact of the deferred transfer of certain assets and liabilities from Johnson & Johnson in certain jurisdictions (the “Deferred Markets”), litigation (income) expense, losses on investments, and tax indemnification releases.
We define Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of U.S.
GAAP Net sales.
Management believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors as it provides a supplemental perspective to the Company’s operating efficiency over time.
 Adjusted effective tax rate: We define Adjusted effective tax rate as U.S.
GAAP Effective tax rate adjusted for the tax effects on special item adjustments including amortization of intangible assets, restructuring expenses and operating model optimization initiatives, Separation-related costs, conversion of stock-based awards, Founder Shares, impairment charges other than the Dr.Ci:Labo® asset impairment, litigation (income) expense, losses on investments, interest income from a related party note, and tax indemnification releases.
We also exclude taxes related to the Deferred Markets, taxes related to the Dr.Ci:Labo® asset impairment charges, certain one-time tax only adjustments which includes the removal of tax effects from the carve-out methodology, and the impact of the interest expense from the debt issuance, which reduced the Company’s capacity to utilize foreign tax credits against U.S.
foreign source income.
Management believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors as it provides a supplemental measure of the Company’s performance over time.
 Adjusted gross profit margin: We define Adjusted gross profit margin (also referred to as “Adjusted gross margin”) as U.S.
GAAP Gross profit margin adjusted for amortization of intangible assets, Separation-related costs, conversion of stock-based awards, Founder Shares, and operating model optimization initiatives.
Management believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors as it provides a supplemental perspective to the Company’s operating efficiency over time.
 Adjusted net income: We define Adjusted net income as U.S.
GAAP Net income adjusted for amortization of intangible assets, restructuring expenses and operating model optimization initiatives, Separation-related costs, conversion of stock-based awards, Founder Shares, impairment charges, the impact of the Deferred Markets, litigation (income) expense, losses on investments, interest income from a related party note, tax indemnification releases, and their related tax impacts (i.e.
special items).
Adjusted net income excludes the impact of items that may obscure trends in our underlying performance.
Management believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors as the Company uses Adjusted net income for strategic decision making, forecasting future results, and evaluating current performance.
 Adjusted operating income: We define Adjusted operating income as U.S.
GAAP Operating income adjusted for amortization of intangible assets, restructuring expenses and operating model optimization initiatives, Separation-related costs, conversion of stock-based awards, Founder Shares, impairment charges, the impact of the Deferred Markets, and litigation (income) expense.
Management believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors as management uses Adjusted operating income to assess the Company’s financial performance.
 Adjusted operating income margin: We define Adjusted operating income margin (also referred to as “Adjusted operating margin”) as Adjusted operating income as a percentage of U.S.
GAAP Net sales.
Management believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors as it provides a supplemental perspective to the Company’s operating efficiency over time.
 Free cash flow: We define Free cash flow as U.S.
GAAP Net cash flows from operating activities adjusted for Purchases of property, plant, and equipment.
Management believes this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors as it provides a view of the Company’s liquidity after deducting capital expenditures, which are considered a necessary component of our ongoing operations.
 Organic sales: We define Organic sales as U.S.
GAAP Net sales excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the impact of acquisitions and divestitures.
We report changes in Organic sales on a period-over-period basis.
We previously referred to this non-GAAP financial metric as “Organic growth”.
Management believes reporting period-over-period changes in Organic sales provides investors with additional, supplemental information that is useful in assessing the Company’s results of operations by excluding the impact of certain items that we believe do not directly reflect our underlying operations.
 The non-GAAP measures as presented herein have been prepared as if our operations had been conducted independently from Johnson & Johnson prior to May 4, 2023, the date Kenvue’s common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange, and therefore they include certain Johnson & Johnson corporate and shared costs allocated to us.
Management believes the cost allocations are a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided to, or the benefit derived by, us during the periods presented, though the allocations may not be indicative of the actual costs that would have been incurred if we had been operating as a standalone company.
 Cautions Concerning Forward-Looking Statements, This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding, among other things, statements about management’s expectations of Kenvue’s future operating and financial performance, product development, market position, and business strategy.
Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “plans,” “expects,” “will,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” and other words of similar meaning.
The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements.
These statements are based on current expectations of future events.
If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of Kenvue and its affiliates.
Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the inability to execute on Kenvue’s business development strategy; inflation and other economic factors, such as interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the ability to successfully manage local, regional, or global economic volatility, including reduced market growth rates, and to generate sufficient income and cash flow to allow Kenvue to effect any expected share repurchases and dividend payments; Kenvue’s ability to maintain satisfactory credit ratings and access capital markets, which could adversely affect its liquidity, capital position, and borrowing costs; competition, including technological advances, new products, and intellectual property attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product research and development; uncertainty of commercial success for new and existing products and digital capabilities; challenges to intellectual property protections including counterfeiting; the ability of Kenvue to successfully execute strategic plans, including Our Vue Forward and other restructuring or cost-saving initiatives; the impact of business combinations and divestitures, including any ongoing or future transactions; manufacturing difficulties or delays, internally or within the supply chain; product efficacy or safety concerns resulting in product recalls or regulatory action; significant adverse litigation or government action, including related to product liability claims; changes to applicable laws and regulations and other requirements imposed by stakeholders; changes in behavior and spending patterns of consumers; natural disasters, acts of war (including the Russia-Ukraine War and the Israel-Hamas War), or terrorism, catastrophes, or epidemics, pandemics, or other disease outbreaks; financial instability of international economies and legal systems and sovereign risk; the inability to realize the benefits of the separation from Kenvue’s former parent, Johnson & Johnson; and the risk of disruption or unanticipated costs in connection with the separation.
A further list and descriptions of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors can be found in Kenvue’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings, available at www.kenvue.com or on request from Kenvue.
Any forward-looking statement made in this release speaks only as of the date of this release.
Kenvue undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or developments or otherwise.
 Contacts, Investor Relations:
Sofya Tsinis
kenvue_IR@kenvue.com, Media Relations:
Melissa Witt
media@kenvue.com, Kenvue Inc.
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations, (Unaudited; Dollars In Millions, Except Per Share Data; Shares In Millions), Fiscal Three Months Ended, Fiscal Twelve Months Ended, December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, Net sales, $ 3,662, $ 3,666, $ 15,455, $ 15,444, Cost of sales, 1,592, 1,623, 6,496, 6,801, Gross profit, 2,070, 2,043, 8,959, 8,643, Selling, general and administrative expenses, 1,525, 1,586, 6,329, 6,141, Restructuring expenses, 65, —, 185, —, Impairment charges, —, —, 578, —, Other operating (income) expense, net, (3), (3), 26, (10), Operating income, 483, 460, 1,841, 2,512, Other expense, net, 42, 7, 48, 72, Interest expense, net, 95, 96, 378, 250, Income before taxes, 346, 357, 1,415, 2,190, Provision for taxes, 53, 30, 385, 526, Net income, $ 293, $ 327, $ 1,030, $ 1,664, Net income per share, Basic, $ 0.15, $ 0.17, $ 0.54, $ 0.90, Diluted, $ 0.15, $ 0.17, $ 0.54, $ 0.90, Weighted-average number of shares outstanding, Basic, 1,916, 1,915, 1,915, 1,846, Diluted, 1,929, 1,919, 1,923, 1,850, Non-GAAP Financial Information
Organic Sales Change, The following tables present a reconciliation of the change in Net sales, as reported, to the change in Organic sales for the periods presented:, Fiscal Three Months Ended December 29, 2024 vs December 31, 2023(1), Reported Net sales change, Impact of foreign currency, Organic sales change, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions), Amount, Percent, Amount, Amount, Percent, Self Care, $ 32, 2.1 %, $ (12), $ 44, 2.9 %, Skin Health and Beauty, 10, 1.0, (16), 26, 2.6, Essential Health, (46), (4.1), (38), (8), (0.7), Total, $ (4), (0.1) %, $ (66), $ 62, 1.7 %, Fiscal Three Months Ended December 29, 2024 vs December 31, 2023(1), (Unaudited), Reported Net sales change, Impact of foreign currency, Organic sales change, Price/Mix(2), Volume, Self Care, 2.1 %, (0.8) %, 1.2 %, 1.7 %, Skin Health and Beauty, 1.0, (1.6), 0.5, 2.1, Essential Health, (4.1), (3.4), 1.2, (1.9), Total, (0.1) %, (1.8) %, 1.0 %, 0.7 %, Fiscal Twelve Months Ended December 29, 2024 vs December 31, 2023(1), Reported Net sales change, Impact of foreign currency, Organic sales change, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions), Amount, Percent, Amount, Amount, Percent, Self Care, $ 76, 1.2 %, $ (44), $ 120, 1.9 %, Skin Health and Beauty, (138), (3.2), (57), (81), (1.9), Essential Health, 73, 1.6, (118), 191, 4.1, Total, $ 11, 0.1 %, $ (219), $ 230, 1.5 %, Fiscal Twelve Months Ended December 29, 2024 vs December 31, 2023(1), (Unaudited), Reported Net sales change, Impact of foreign currency, Organic sales change, Price/Mix(2), Volume, Self Care, 1.2 %, (0.7) %, 2.5 %, (0.6) %, Skin Health and Beauty, (3.2), (1.3), 1.6, (3.5), Essential Health, 1.6, (2.5), 3.9, 0.2, Total, 0.1 %, (1.4) %, 2.7 %, (1.2) %, (1) Acquisitions and divestitures did not materially impact the reported Net sales change.
(2) Price/Mix reflects value realization.
 Total Segment Net Sales and Adjusted Operating Income
Segment Net sales and Adjusted operating income for the periods presented were as follows:, Net Sales, Fiscal Three Months Ended, Fiscal Twelve Months Ended, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions), December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, Self Care, $ 1,569, $ 1,537, $ 6,527, $ 6,451, Skin Health and Beauty, 1,011, 1,001, 4,240, 4,378, Essential Health, 1,082, 1,128, 4,688, 4,615, Total segment net sales, $ 3,662, $ 3,666, $ 15,455, $ 15,444, Adjusted Operating Income, Fiscal Three Months Ended, Fiscal Twelve Months Ended, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions), December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, Self Care Adjusted operating income, $ 481, $ 537, $ 2,173, $ 2,299, Skin Health and Beauty Adjusted operating income, 105, 149, 607, 679, Essential Health Adjusted operating income, 248, 275, 1,162, 1,011, Total(1), $ 834, $ 961, $ 3,942, $ 3,989, Reconciliation to Adjusted operating income (non-GAAP):, Depreciation(2), 91, 94, 329, 305, General corporate/unallocated expenses, 56, 77, 314, 296, Other operating (income) expense, net, (3), (3), 26, (10), Other—impact of Deferred Markets, (12), (1), (59), (34), Litigation (expense) income, —, (5), 4, (25), Adjusted operating income (non-GAAP), $ 702, $ 799, $ 3,328, $ 3,457, Reconciliation to Income before taxes:, Amortization of intangible assets, 57, 80, 269, 322, Separation-related costs(3), 65, 135, 296, 468, Restructuring and operating model optimization initiatives, 75, 29, 221, 32, Conversion of stock-based awards, 5, 80, 39, 55, Other—impact of Deferred Markets, 12, 1, 59, 34, Founder Shares, 5, 9, 29, 9, Litigation expense (income), —, 5, (4), 25, Impairment charges, —, —, 578, —, Operating income, $ 483, $ 460, $ 1,841, $ 2,512, Other expense, net, 42, 7, 48, 72, Interest expense, net, 95, 96, 378, 250, Income before taxes, $ 346, $ 357, $ 1,415, $ 2,190, (1) Effective in the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024, the Company adjusted the allocation for certain brand marketing expenses within Selling, general, and administrative expenses to align with segment financial results as measured by the Company, including the chief operating decision maker (the “CODM”).
Accordingly, the Company has updated its segment disclosures to reflect the updated presentation in all prior periods.
Total Adjusted operating income did not change as a result of this update.
(2) Depreciation includes the amortization of integration and development costs capitalized in connection with cloud computing arrangements.
(3) Separation-related costs includes depreciation expense on Separation-related assets for the fiscal three and twelve months ended December 29, 2024.
 The following tables present reconciliations of GAAP to Non-GAAP for the periods presented:, Fiscal Three Months Ended December 29, 2024, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions), As Reported, Adjustments, Reference, As Adjusted, Net sales, $ 3,662, —, $ 3,662, Gross profit, $ 2,070, 81, (a), $ 2,151, Gross profit margin, 56.5 %, 58.7 %, Operating income, $ 483, 219, (a)-(c), $ 702, Operating income margin, 13.2 %, 19.2 %, Net income, $ 293, 206, (a)-(e), $ 499, Net income margin, 8.0 %, 13.6 %, Interest expense, net, $ 95, Provision for taxes, $ 53, Depreciation and amortization, $ 148, EBITDA (non-GAAP), $ 589, 203, (b)-(d), (f), $ 792, EBITDA margin (non-GAAP), 16.1 %, 21.6 %, Detail of Adjustments, Cost of sales, SG&A/Restructuring expenses, Other operating (income) expense, net, Other expense, net, Provision for taxes, Total, Amortization of intangible assets, $ 57, $ —, $ —, $ —, $ —, $ 57, Restructuring expenses, —, 65, —, —, —, 65, Operating model optimization initiatives, 8, 2, —, —, —, 10, Separation-related costs (including conversion of stock-based awards and Founder Shares), 16, 59, —, —, —, 75, Impact of Deferred Markets—minority interest expense, —, —, 4, —, —, 4, Impact of Deferred Markets—provision for taxes, —, —, 8, —, (8), —, Losses on investments, —, —, —, 41, —, 41, Tax impact on special item adjustments, —, —, —, —, (46), (46), Total, $ 81, $ 126, $ 12, $ 41, $ (54), $ 206, (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), Cost of sales less amortization, $ 24, (f), Fiscal Three Months Ended December 31, 2023, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions), As Reported, Adjustments, Reference, As Adjusted, Net sales, $ 3,666, —, $ 3,666, Gross profit, $ 2,043, 139, (a), $ 2,182, Gross profit margin, 55.7 %, 59.5 %, Operating income, $ 460, 339, (a)-(c), $ 799, Operating income margin, 12.5 %, 21.8 %, Net income, $ 327, 259, (a)-(d), $ 586, Net income margin, 8.9 %, 16.0 %, Interest expense, net, $ 96, Provision for taxes, $ 30, Depreciation and amortization, $ 174, EBITDA (non-GAAP), $ 627, 259, (b)-(c), (e), $ 886, EBITDA margin (non-GAAP), 17.1 %, 24.2 %, Detail of Adjustments, Cost of sales, SG&A/Restructuring expenses, Other operating (income) expense, net, Provision for taxes, Total, Amortization of intangible assets, $ 80, $ —, $ —, $ —, $ 80, Operating model optimization initiatives, 20, 9, —, —, 29, Separation-related costs (including conversion of stock-based awards and Founder Shares), 39, 185, —, —, 224, Impact of Deferred Markets—provision for taxes, —, —, 1, (1), —, Litigation expense, —, —, 5, —, 5, Tax impact on special item adjustments, —, —, —, (79), (79), Total, $ 139, $ 194, $ 6, $ (80), $ 259, (a), (b), (c), (d), Cost of sales less amortization, $ 59, (e), Fiscal Twelve Months Ended December 29, 2024, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions), As Reported, Adjustments, Reference, As Adjusted, Net sales, $ 15,455, —, $ 15,455, Gross profit, $ 8,959, 369, (a), $ 9,328, Gross profit margin, 58.0 %, 60.4 %, Operating income, $ 1,841, 1,487, (a)-(d), $ 3,328, Operating income margin, 11.9 %, 21.5 %, Net income, $ 1,030, 1,169, (a)-(f), $ 2,199, Net income margin, 6.7 %, 14.2 %, Interest expense, net, $ 378, Provision for taxes, $ 385, Depreciation and amortization, $ 598, EBITDA (non-GAAP), $ 2,391, 1,269, (b)-(e), (g), $ 3,660, EBITDA margin (non-GAAP), 15.5 %, 23.7 %, Detail of Adjustments, Cost of sales, SG&A/Restructuring expenses, Impairment charges, Other operating (income) expense, net, Other expense, net, Provision for taxes, Total, Amortization of intangible assets, $ 269, $ —, $ —, $ —, $ —, $ —, $ 269, Restructuring expenses, —, 185, —, —, —, —, 185, Operating model optimization initiatives, 27, 9, —, —, —, —, 36, Separation-related costs (including conversion of stock-based awards and Founder Shares), 73, 291, —, —, —, —, 364, Impairment charges, —, —, 578, —, —, (151), 427, Impact of Deferred Markets—minority interest expense, —, —, —, 24, —, —, 24, Impact of Deferred Markets—provision for taxes, —, —, —, 35, —, (35), —, Litigation income, —, —, —, (4), —, —, (4), Losses on investments, —, —, —, —, 72, —, 72, Tax indemnification release, —, —, —, —, (21), —, (21), Tax impact on special item adjustments, —, —, —, —, —, (183), (183), Total, $ 369, $ 485, $ 578, $ 55, $ 51, $ (369), $ 1,169, (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), Cost of sales less amortization, $ 100, (g), Fiscal Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2023, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions), As Reported, Adjustments, Reference, As Adjusted, Net sales, $ 15,444, —, $ 15,444, Gross profit, $ 8,643, 375, (a), $ 9,018, Gross profit margin, 56.0 %, 58.4 %, Operating income, $ 2,512, 945, (a)-(c), $ 3,457, Operating income margin, 16.3 %, 22.4 %, Net income, $ 1,664, 719, (a)-(f), $ 2,383, Net income margin, 10.8 %, 15.4 %, Interest expense, net, $ 250, Provision for taxes, $ 526, Depreciation and amortization, $ 627, EBITDA (non-GAAP), $ 3,067, 630, (b)-(d), (g), $ 3,697, EBITDA margin (non-GAAP), 19.9 %, 23.9 %, Detail of Adjustments, Cost of sales, SG&A/Restructuring expenses, Other operating (income) expense, net, Other expense, net, Interest expense, net, Provision for taxes, Total, Amortization of intangible assets, $ 322, $ —, $ —, $ —, $ —, $ —, $ 322, Operating model optimization initiatives, 21, 11, —, —, —, —, 32, Separation-related costs (including conversion of stock-based awards and Founder Shares), 32, 500, —, —, —, —, 532, Impact of Deferred Markets—minority interest expense, —, —, 10, —, —, —, 10, Impact of Deferred Markets—provision for taxes, —, —, 24, —, —, (24), —, Litigation expense, —, —, 25, —, —, —, 25, Losses on investments, —, —, —, 7, —, —, 7, Interest income from related party note, —, —, —, —, (33), —, (33), Tax impact on special item adjustments, —, —, —, —, —, (176), (176), Total, $ 375, $ 511, $ 59, $ 7, $ (33), $ (200), $ 719, (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), Cost of sales less amortization, $ 53, (g), The following tables present reconciliations of the Effective tax rate, as reported, to Adjusted effective tax rate for the periods presented:, Fiscal Three Months Ended, Fiscal Twelve Months Ended, (Unaudited), December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, Effective tax rate, 15.3 %, 8.4 %, 27.2 %, 24.0 %, Adjustments:, Tax-effect on special item adjustments, 1.7, 7.9, (2.6), (1.0), Dr.Ci:Labo® Impairment, —, —, 0.3, —, Removal of tax benefits from carve out methodology, —, —, —, 2.0, Taxes related to Deferred Markets, 0.7, 0.5, 0.7, 0.5, Valuation allowance on foreign tax credits due to interest expense, —, (0.6), —, (2.4), Other, —, (0.4), (0.1), 0.3, Adjusted Effective tax rate (non-GAAP), 17.7 %, 15.8 %, 25.5 %, 23.4 %, The following table presents a reconciliation of Effective tax rate, as forecasted on a U.S.
GAAP basis, to forecasted Adjusted effective tax rate for fiscal year 2025:, Fiscal Year 2025, (Unaudited), Forecast, Effective tax rate, 28.0% - 29.0%, Adjustments:, Tax-effect on special item adjustments, (3.2), Taxes related to Deferred Markets, 0.7, Adjusted Effective tax rate (non-GAAP), 25.5% - 26.5%, The following table presents a reconciliation of Diluted earnings per share, as reported, to Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the periods presented:, Fiscal Three Months Ended, Fiscal Twelve Months Ended, (Unaudited), December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, Diluted earnings per share, $ 0.15, $ 0.17, $ 0.54, $ 0.90, Adjustments:, Separation-related costs, 0.03, 0.07, 0.15, 0.25, Conversion of stock-based awards, —, 0.04, 0.02, 0.03, Restructuring and operating model optimization initiatives, 0.04, 0.02, 0.11, 0.02, Impairment charges, —, —, 0.30, —, Amortization of intangible assets, 0.03, 0.04, 0.14, 0.17, Losses on investments, 0.02, —, 0.04, —, Interest income from related party note, —, —, —, (0.02), Tax impact on special item adjustments, (0.02), (0.04), (0.17), (0.10), Other, 0.01, 0.01, 0.01, 0.04, Adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-GAAP), $ 0.26, $ 0.31, $ 1.14, $ 1.29, The following table presents a reconciliation of Net cash flows from operating activities, as reported, and Purchases of property, plant, and equipment, as reported, to Free cash flow for the periods presented:, Fiscal Twelve Months Ended, (Unaudited; Dollars in Billions), December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, Net cash flows from operating activities, $ 1.7, $ 3.2, Purchases of property, plant, and equipment, (0.4), (0.5), Free cash flow (non-GAAP), $ 1.3, $ 2.7, Other Supplemental Financial Information
The following table presents the Company’s Net sales by geographic region for the periods presented:, Fiscal Three Months Ended, Fiscal Twelve Months Ended, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions), December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, Net sales by geographic region, North America, $ 1,842, $ 1,762, $ 7,579, $ 7,610, Europe, Middle East, and Africa, 863, 822, 3,559, 3,388, Asia Pacific, 635, 750, 2,974, 3,107, Latin America, 322, 332, 1,343, 1,339, Total Net sales by geographic region, $ 3,662, $ 3,666, $ 15,455, $ 15,444, The following table presents the Company’s Research and development expenses for the periods presented.
Research and development expenses are included within Selling, general, and administrative expenses.
 Fiscal Three Months Ended, Fiscal Twelve Months Ended, (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions), December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, Research & Development, $ 106, $ 133, $ 408, $ 399, The following table presents the Company’s Cash and cash equivalents, Total debt, and Net debt balance as of the periods presented:, (Unaudited; Dollars in Billions), December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023, Cash and cash equivalents, $ 1.1, $ 1.4, Total debt, (8.6), (8.3), Net debt, $ (7.5), $ (6.9), Investor Relations:
Sofya Tsinis
kenvue_IR@kenvue.com, Media Relations:
Melissa Witt
media@kenvue.com, A new view of care.
 This site is governed solely by applicable U.S.
laws and governmental regulations.
Use of this site constitutes your consent to application of such laws and regulations.
Your use of the information on this site is subject to our Terms of Service in the Legal Notice.
You should view the Media section in order to receive the most current information made available by Kenvue.
Contact Us with any questions or search this site for more information.
 All contents © Kenvue 2026.
All Rights Reserved.